Title: Spotify launches a new AI feature, 'DJ'

Content:
A personalized AI guide that knows you and your music taste so well that it can choose what to play for you Everything online has been geared towards the world of AI and the music industry is not trailing behind.
Spotify has announced their newest feature of presenting a DJ that uses AI technology to provide listeners with tracks they didnt know they needed  because who knows your musical tastes better than Spotify?
If youve been listening to sad songs on the DL, there is no hiding behind your Spotify algorithm because their newest feature just might call you out.Using AI technology, Spotify has created a DJ with its very own commentary mode to MC its way through your musical journey  kind of like listening to a radio announcer.Arguably, radio was rendered obsolete through the rise of music streaming platforms.
However, it doesn't rule out the possibility that some have been yearning for the comeback of the radio DJ.
According to Spotify, through your daily listens and likes, the AI model is a personalized AI guide that knows you and your music taste so well that it can choose what to play for you.
This means an added innovation to Spotifys already-popular Discover Weekly playlist or the annual Wrapped playlist that rounds up your yearly favourites.
The generative AI uses a combination of Spotifys personalisation tech, OpenAI tech and experts in genres of music and culture.
Each account will be personalized depending on music choice to build and innovate Spotifys recommendations for all future advances.
The AI commentary that youll be hearing alongside your tracks comes from an AI voice generation tool, Sonastic, that was acquired by Spotify last year.
However, the actual voice in itself belongs to Spotifys own Head of Cultural Partnerships, Xavier Jernigan aka X.
Currently, the service is in beta and will be rolled out in Asia soon it has currently only surfaced in the U.S.
and Canada.
Only Spotify Premium users will be able to experience the new DJ feature.