Anyone else getting weird recommendations from spotify's new "AI DJ"
I opened up spotify to see a new thing called an AI DJ. figured why not try it out and let it run for an few hours while I worked. First impressions are they need to make it stop talking while songs are starting. bands with a long name get spoken over the start of songs. Also the music its playing is just the songs from my playlist grouped into either all the same band or added to what it calls genres. It will tell you here is some blues it will think you'll like and it starts playing johnny cash, then some "old country songs" and a johnny cash song from the same album is played, finally it says. heres some folk songs, and it plays johnny cash hurt. 

It will say "heres a few songs from an artist you dont really listen to any more" and it pays the songs I was just listening to and are a part of my playlists. I mean I guess it does act like a modern radio station by playing the same songs over and over again but I was expecting a more audio only endless discover playlist with some liked songs mixed in. 

finally. the ai voice model sucks. anything not english is horrible. And please for god sake stop recommending me red hot chilli peppers. it was funny when it played dani california in between motorhead and black sabath but i dont need a new chilli peppers song in every playlist and you cant mark stuff as dont reccomend. Also dont go to another playlist and then go back to the dj because it will play you the same songs over again
Comments:
[removed]
It played some good stuff I knew and then some good stuff I didn't... at first. The more I listened, the worse it got.
It does give some weird recommendations, but some brilliant ones as well. I've discovered and re-discovered some great indy music with it lately.

I used it all day yesterday. At one point it went from playing UK Jazz to Death Metal. It knows me too well...

...or so I thought. It then played Born in the 60s playlist. I was born in the 80s.
Yeah, the tool is not ready yet. I didn't like any music it threw at me besides the obvious. Then it may need to be updated more regularly since the same exact music played in the same day at different times. Not a good experience, I like the voice. Would be nice to hear facts about some tracks.
I have had a better experience this week with it. When I first tried it a few weeks ago it would only play things that were already in my main Playlist or randomly a bunch of modern country (which isn't similar to anything I listen to)
It keeps giving me "new era punk" because it's apparently similar to what I listen to and I'm just wondering where it even got that from, the closest thing I have to punk in my Playlists is The Offspring....


It was great the first time I used it, threw me some great songs, of course they were great, they were already on my Playlists....

The stuff it's thrown at me that isn't though? Christ, please give me a do not recommend button so I can train this damn thing


Mind, I haven't used it in a minute... Might give it a trial for the next few hours and see what happens



Edit: so it's been 2 hours later and...

It played me 30 songs, 17 of which were already in my Playlists, 13 were not.

To break it down even further, 7 of the songs that weren't on my Playlists were apparently songs I've had on repeat despite never hearing them before (lastFM confirms this with scrobble count) another 3 of the songs were by the same band, and only one song was added to my liked (honestly i'd have do not recommend most of the others if it gave me the chance)


Of the 17 it played that I already have saved, only one of them hadn't been listened to in the last couple of weeks....

All in all, it's still pretty crap, I have over 2k songs in my likes alone, come in Spotify there's a bigger pool to pull from than just songs I've listened to this week!
Tons of random j-pop and Mexican rap.
Maybe this is their way of getting songs played from their new Discovery mode where they take 30% of a song's revenue and they'll show it to people?
Yea it keeps playing pop music for some reason like ??? I listen to heavy metal and pop punk, not pop
I turned it off after 30 seconds. Hate the voice.
It played me three songs and then stopped and said something like, here's songs you haven't heard in awhile and played the exact same three songs again in the same order
I don't use it never will
It played the ace of the spades by motorhead like 6 times in a row. I do not like motorhead
I’ve been happy with it so far, it seems to be pretty inconsistent from person to person
It’s been hit or miss for me. I do find the concept interesting and hope it improves over time and they start letting you customize it or at least. Hangs the voice.
yeah… from soundgarden to “heres a summer hit you played a ton in the past… get ready to dance to ed helms” wtf
I liked DJ at first.  
However,  I notice that I have 10 songs that play all the time and it's annoying.
Yep, it literally gave me group of songs reating to bagpipe electronica or somthing like that, no idea what propted that and hated every bit of it.
"Here's a new artist really killing it in the metal genre" 
Proceeds to just play Metallica
I've not seen this feature. I'm premium 😕
AI is only as good as the people behind it. Folsom Prison Blues by Johnny Cash has the word Blues in the title but it is a Country-Western song. Obviously, Spotify's coders know how to code but don't know dick about music.
I like it so far
mine somehow thinks the songs/picks i skip instantly are the ones i want the most. it hit the mark once and than never again.
It gave me a block of "Songs from your past" that were apparently things I listened to a lot in 2016 (along with a spiel about how wild of a year it was with the presidential election). I didn't join Spotify until 2017 and it was songs I've never heard of.
For me it keeps playing things from 2016, except the problem is I don’t have any of the songs liked and I have to skip the whole queue.
I totally have the same issue with it predominantly playing music already in my playlists, and whilst I don't mind some of the recommendations, my biggest issue has been that as a change it decided to play a set of "what's big in the uk right now" but then started playing acts like dua lipa and selena gomez who i have never listened to and really aren't my jam. I have a wide and varied taste but i am predominantly into metal and alternative music and that chart music is mostly just noise to me. My biggest issue now though is that periodically it keeps trying to replay those songs by saying "here's something you were listening to recently"...no i pressed the dj button to get out of it every time you tried and it only played because you freaking played it, not by any active choice I made, don't blame me.
I think this is me with johnny cash and chilli peppers. I have like 1 or 2 songs liked and it just kept throwing them at me. tried it again and it suddenly switched to weird pop songs and my chemical romance aka songs i dont listen to.
i’m a weezer fan with 30k+ streams and i probably get sublime who have come up on my radio in the past maybe 5 times all when i was out of the room more than i get weezer especially at first lol
Big weezer fan, ay?
Maybe you just listen to more Weezer than you think. It’s always giving me Drake, Frank Ocean, and Anderson Paak who are all three huge parts of my rotation.
Is this like when Pandora made every rock/alternative stream start and end at the Black Keys? I don't mind the Black Keys, one of my favorite bands, but just like Weezer I think they are friendly to a lot of different ears.
I can hear it saying that lmao
[deleted]
Mine just started repeating the same songs it already recommended. I kinda' liked the concept at first, but wish it had more depth to it.
Dj said "looks like metal is your thing" then proceeds to play j-pop
it played me 2 songs from grease and then not a single song from a movie or tv show ever since
I also like to mix things up, but I've never listened to billboard 90s and it was like: hey here's some stuff you might like.

I think the main problem is that it's scoring what we listened to and not just what we liked. So it'll pick some stuff that's a bit out of a person's range and then those songs get mixed into the algorithm. It's like a game of telephone—eventually you end up with nonsense.

They need to exclude AI recommended songs that weren't liked. Or at least weigh them much much less.
