Spotify Debuts a New AI DJ, Right in Your Pocket
nan
Comments:
Key points:

* Spotify has launched a new AI feature called DJ, which is a personalized AI guide that can choose what music to play for users based on their music taste.

* DJ delivers a curated lineup of music alongside commentary around the tracks and artists that Spotify thinks users will like, in a realistic voice generated through the use of OpenAI and Sonantic technology.

* The feature constantly refreshes the music lineup based on user feedback, and allows users to switch to a different genre, artist, or mood if they don't like what's currently playing.

* DJ is rolling out in beta for Spotify Premium users in the U.S. and Canada, and can be accessed through the Music Feed on Home in the Spotify mobile app on iOS or Android devices.
Just updated my app, still don't have it
seems pretty sick so far, i hope they add the ability to switch the DJ voice/personality. Nothing against Xavier, just not my vibe
Just got it (iOS) it works pretty good! Only real complaint is the voice, hopefully we can change it in the future. I guess we know why they got rid of the time of day playlist now
So uh how about that hifi
Kinda annoying that they announce a feature like this but don’t mention the international rollout plan. I had to find out from the comments here that it’s only in the US and Canada and I’m out of luck in Europe
You know they aren't going to add lossless first when Ai is the big trending topic these days. So they decided to role this out.

It'd be more like a DJ if it actually crossfaded and did actual DJ transitions, but I doubt it does that.
Give me a way to reset my music habits so I don’t have to hear toddler music from a DJ. That would be nice.
[deleted]
Hello DJ Xavier.
im kinda liking it. its given me a good blend of music every 4 or 5 songs. heard a few repeated lines by the AI already. but voice doesn’t annoy me yet lol. needs customization tho.
I just want playlist radio back :(
I don’t even see it as an option.
Don’t have it yet and no update available on my iphone 14 pro max. My son’s phone has it, though.. he has a 12 pro max.
To people in the comments, normal people don't give a single flying fuck about lossless

How about they remove that new terrine interface. My goodness who approved moving the song title and artist to the top of the screen??
Still don't have it. Have Android 13, latest Spotify version (even tried beta and alpha test versions, have premium, and I'm located in the USA.
i’m a premium user and still don’t have it, anyone else?
Not showing up for me. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app even, no dice.
We are so enamored with AI and the thought of AI in our apps that we really should consider whether a lot of this is a marketing ploy. Case in point: I have this new DJ feature. But Spotify recommendations have been so incredibly smart (taking into account my preferences and other behind-the-scenes magic) ___for years___ that DJ serves no useful purpose to me. Part of my like for streaming is to get away from terrestrial stations where the actual DJ was so intrusive most of the time.
Garbage
Still not available in the US.
releasing useless features while we are still lacking lossless and animated covers
they need to add karaoke and lossless first
Can I just have my old Home Screen back?
Like they weren't doing that already.
it doesn’t look very promising tbh
Based on the promo video, it's another useless feature. The commentator is annoying and his commentaries are basic. I expected to allow you to hear a description of the artist and the song.
[deleted]
How about that lossless instead? Dafuq?
Neat trick, I have to try this!
It's kinda fun. But just like song radio for aspects of your library.

The dj voice between sets of songs is kinda annoying tho
Updated the app… I don’t see this feature. I have premium & in the US.. I guess they are rolling it out slowly
wonder when europe gets this feature, seems like a fun feature
New premium user, no DJ feature.
The feature just showed up for me (I'm in Canada).  I'm digging it.  The DJ's voice sounds very natural.
It's live for me now
Weird thing is when you cast, at least to Google devices, it doesn't play the voice. It'll keep changing things up, but no voice... What's the point then 🤷🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️
How do I NOT use this? It popped up in my Spotify app and I do not want it. There is no ignore/uninstall button or menu!
i hope they do more with the audio mixing feature that comes with the DJ. Imagine making your own mixtape where every song blends together beautifully
Did they roll this out widely? It doesn’t match the “computers help the worker/talent” model. Although it could… (Get at me! 😉)
I like this … but are you able to change the damn voice?? Kinda of annoying.

Other than that, like the new sounds I’m discovering, and remembering songs I used to love.
Just saw this today when using Spotify on my phone...
This blows my mind 🤯

Never noticed it before because I listen to Spotify mostly from Windows while working.
Pretty insane I can't input instructions.

&#x200B;

"Hey DJ, my parents  who are in their 50's are coming over and they're bringing friends. They love country music, but hate Garth Brooks."

"Hey DJ, I'm in a mood for various techno genres and I'd like to hear some things I haven't heard before."

"Hey DJ, my wife left me and I need some sad songs to play while I swipe on Tinder."

&#x200B;

If you don't have this, then you just have a radio playlist that you're calling something it's not.
It was only a matter of time before they came for Schmasey Schmasem 
https://twitter.com/spotify/status/1628470008761163785
Why the hell does this come to the us and the canada first. What is wrong with the europe?
[deleted]
You may need to click on the little music tab at the very top of your home section to see it. That’s the only way I can find it
Me either :(
Same. Even uninstalled/reinstalled the app. Really just par for the course for Spotify to launch and advertise a new feature and it doesn't even show up in the launch market.
Same here. kind of a shit move to announce something and then it's just mysteriously not there
Same. In US, premium Spotify family.
Yep, I still don't have it. I tried both the App Store app as well as TestFlight. No go.

Edit: Finally showed up!
Same here. Cleared cache and everything
Same, Canada iOS premium family
Same here.  I'm in Canada. It may be a slow rollout and might not be avaliable to everyone until maybe tomorrow.  Could also be a region issue
It’s limited to US and Canada at the moment
It’s a rollout update which means it’ll slowly roll out to users over a span of time, not everyone will have access, even in regions that are getting the update.
So I asked via their online support chat, apparently it's not available for all countries.
Which is very werd, because my partner actually does have it. So doesn't make sense.
I really like the laid back, low voice, classic rock type DJs. Being able to select different DJ personalities would be amazing. A slider to make them more or less talkative would be cool too.
only a matter of time where a celebrity will be a voice option similar to Google assistant.
Will take time i guess
I swear Australia never got a time of day playlist ... wtf
I miss that playlist more every day 😭 hopefully this holds up!!
The voice is a real person's voice the ai tells you at the beginning the guy he has the voice of is a dj
All the girls say it's pretty fly for a hifi.
Spotify will do anything other than release HiFi, despite everyone asking for it for years lol
I'm in the US and still don't have it
Actually they did mention the rollout plan in the official announcement on their website:

> It’s rolling out in English starting today for Spotify Premium users in the U.S. and Canada. 

https://newsroom.spotify.com/2023-02-22/spotify-debuts-a-new-ai-dj-right-in-your-pocket/
You can set cross fade in the app settings so maybe it’ll take that into account?
They can integrate AI into DJ by slowing down the track to BPM match, as well as making seamless transition. 

It truly can't be hard for AI to do that. We already do it as humans by following patterns and practicing a process for seamless mixing. Can't imagine why AI can't do it.
Didn't know people where still waiting for lossless. I think we can clearly say that we're at a point where this will never happen.
Got to use private sessions for that
There's now a way to exclude a playlist of music from your taste profile!
Generally app changes aren't released to everyone at the same time.
I would guess it's rolling out for select accounts and regions at different times, a large amount of features in beta testing get released like that. I could be wrong about that though, I haven't researched the release schedule for this specific feature. 

I'm on Android and in the Pacific Northwest (USA) and have it. I do not have this new feature on Windows 10 (PC) yet. It's also pretty unintuitive to find, I had to tap on "music" from the home/start page to see it, there was no splash screen advertising it and some of my friends who had it didn't even know.
[deleted]
Same
Just hit my 14PM this afternoon so maybe check now?
I hate that the like button is across the screen. 😐
Same here
It’s only a available in the US and Canada…
I just got it today in the US
This feels more useful than animated cover art?
I'd wager that most people don't care about those things and aren't lamenting their absence in the slightest
Gotta start somewhere. Probably released it early to join the current Ai news buzz
I don't think it's by OS. I have both Android and iOS but I don't have the feature still. It seems like a staggered random rollout.
My wife has it on her iOS app but I don't have it on mine yet
I use Android and am using the newest app version, but no DJ feature here yet.
Just dont click on it.
Agreed! 
I got it today and it sucks. 
It has no idea what I like. 
Spotify does tho, so it’s really strange. 
My discover weekly is spot on, and so is release radar. But this DJ thing is playing all kinds of songs and genres I don’t listen to, nor like. 
It’s fucking bizarre.
funny considering spotify is an EU company
I did, no dice 🎲
does it actually play different songs or does ot just regurgitate songs from your playlist?
[ removed in protest ] fuck u/spez
I emailed Spotify support and got this response about it "Before anything else, please don't worry too much as DJ is currently still gradually rolling out to all Premium users in the US and Canada.

Since you're on Premium in these regions and not seeing it at the moment, rest assured it's coming your way. Hope you enjoy!"
Yeah, Spotify has slighted Family Premium before as second class premium... wondering if this is something we just won't get.
I think that was added later, but I’m not sure. I may have just missed it when I initially read the announcement. Still wouldn’t hurt them to mention a timeline for the rest of their international clients
Have you been to https://rave.dj/ before? It's a lot harder than you think for AI to seamlessly mix songs together and also have it sound *good*. DJs generally have a curated collection of music that they know will flow together. Throw an AI at it and you're going to end up with a lot more failures than successes.
Lol is this sarcasm? 😂
How?!
Nope not there for me
Nope. Wahhhhh 😭
[deleted]
Yeah neither of those are a priority for me.

Wish I could opt in to DJ I don't see it anywhere.
You have premium right? You may just be able to search DJ as well (it works to search for me but idk if that’s just because I’ve already saved it to my library)
I’ve barely used it so far but it says it will play a few songs from different categories- like playing songs you currently are playing a lot, new songs that it’s introducing you to, and playing songs you used to listen to a lot of. There are probably more but those are the ones I’ve seen on it
The DJ has different mixes that you can cycle between, some of them are new music and some are stuff you already listen to
Seems to be a mix... but in \~an hour of listening it's already played a few songs 2x so feels like there's some bugs to work out. Didn't play them in the same order but they seemed to span genres/styles so wondering if they didn't think to tell it "Check to see if you've played this recently regardless of style/vibe of music"
Try searching for it maybe? I’m not sure how you may be able to find it other than that
that was happening to me, and then a few days later the music tab popped up and i had the dj.. i would just wait, unless you have it now already
 I have a family plan and have been listening to it all morning
no?
https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/8/23591289/spotify-exclude-from-your-taste-profile-playlist-made-for-you
https://support.spotify.com/us/article/spotify-radio/
How is an animated cover art at all useful? It’s a cool feature. Plus the videos playing on some songs cover set is good enough
In theory this includes better music recommendations, something spotify has needed for a long time. Also I’m glad I’ll no longer have to decide what mood I’m in or whatever in order to get music recommended to me
Currently, it's suggesting DJ Khaled for me first and foremost, so I'm guessing not everyone has the feature yet...
[ removed in protest ] fuck u/spez
[ removed in protest ] fuck u/spez
That's great news... thanks!  Guess we're just waiting for the "rolling out" part.
Ah ok.. just like to point out that DJing is not simple 😅 not nearly as many people think

Matching BPM is rather easy.. but knowing the song and when phrase changes occure and selecting the right time to introduce the next track, knowing how much time to overlap the tracks and when to phase out the previous, equalizing the tracks to mesh well and not have overlapping base, selecting tracks that mesh well in general in beat structure as well as harmonically (track musical keys)...  It goes on and on to what actually is happening when a DJ mixes and most people have no idea how much work and thought goes into it.

Even just beat matching is not that easy for an AI still (I need to correct the auto beat grid analysis maybe 40% of the time still).  Let alone all the rest of the stuff. 😂🤷
You angelic goddess thank you!
Solved: Go to Song/artist radio missing - The Spotify Community

https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://community.spotify.com/t5/Your-Library/Go-to-Song-artist-radio-missing/td-p/5336278%23:~:text%3DHowever%252C%2520the%2520%2522Go%2520to%2520song,if%2520you%2520have%2520any%2520questions.&ved=2ahUKEwjKyJ-4qq_9AhXilWoFHQBgDloQFnoECBEQBQ&usg=AOvVaw1NlIL6ALj-Yd9dfV9EhYsD
It's not there, I've checked repeatedly, I've seen the support guides. Someone out there said some users have a version of Spotify that has it premium only, I think I'm just one of those people. 


It's been like this for months, menu does not have a go to radio option for me. It's the US Google play store version of the app if that helps you.
That may be it. It is only in beta now so they may just be testing the waters with it (their Instagram post says it’s only in Canada and US, though it may not be available to even everyone there)
You have premium right? It’s only available with it. You may also be in a region where DJ isn’t available, though I don’t know if that’s a thing
Sad.. they said they are “gradually rolling it out” to the US for now. So that means some people will get it before others, but you will get it eventually.
Why would they publish so much promotion around it then.
[ removed in protest ] fuck u/spez
Probably just trying to get people to use it so they can gather information on it
Ah, well I’m not sure I can help anymore if you can’t find it. Maybe try google to see if it can help? Or maybe there’s a thread on this subreddit that may help
