AI DJ Xavier... only plays hip hop?
Hey all,

Don't know if anyone has this issue...

I listen to a lot of hip hop (releases spanning the last 30 years) so I understand that it is already part of my algorithm. However I spend a lot of time listening to other things as well (mostly EDM). I've noticed that the AI will only play hip hop. I press the button to rebuild the playlist and consistently more hip hop. 

Also, I will play music from a playlist that is about 50/50 EDM and hip hop and it will only make recommendations for more hip hop never EDM... 

Why's Spotify pushing rap so hard? If it bases it's choices off of my musical selections over all time, I had a Brit-hop phase that lasted a solid year and it's not pushing any of that. Just new popular shit like Drake, Lil Baby, Da Baby, Kodak Black, Jack Harlow, DJ Khaled garbage, Uzi... fucking Yachty... How much are these motherfuckers paying Spotify?

Seems like the new alternative to advertisements is forcing garbage tunes in my ear.

&#x200B;

Thoughts?
Comments:
I've noticed that it really takes into account what you been listening to for the past week or so specifically. 

Also maybe you listen to more hiphop than you think. My wrapped was always hiphop dominated even though I thought of myself as a diverse listener, now I am actually more diverse and the DJ does an OK job. Rn playing too much jazz though cuz I been listening to jazz at work.
For me, it goes from nyc drill music to 80’s classic music. It’s weird
I am having a similar problem and it's getting old fast. Got here trying to find a solution...

I listen to Metal. Hard Rock. Some EDM / House. Some random other things here and there. _Never_ rap or hip hop (unless Beastie Boys counts LOL).

About every two to three hours, "now some hip hop kicking off with Eminem!" or all of a sudden it's dance grooves with all Spanish lyrics...
ring consist frame abundant grandiose jar profit aware innate straight

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*
Makes sense.. I'm going to experiment. Maybe leave a classic rock playlist on for a week and see what happens next week?
I think it’s also possible that the algorithm prioritizes more popular artists and genres to some degree. I say this mostly cause I am someone who listens to a lot of different music, with a majority of it being extreme genres like metal or hardcore punk, but my algorithm still leans towards my more poppy genres like rap, alt rock, etc.
