Spotify's AI DJ is now rolling out in the UK and Ireland
https://newsroom.spotify.com/2023-05-16/ai-dj-uk-ireland-spotify-personalization/
Comments:
Hey, (Name). Heres a couple of songs you stopped listening to because our shuffle feature over represented them to you to the point of annoyance. Next up ive got a few tracks we got paid to promote. After that weve got something real special lined up for you, a genre you despise but is popular in your area.
Oi mate, you like some Ed Sheeran do ya? Here ya go.
Hey I have it in the UK! The voice is really good, the music selection is okay... Spotify did well
I saw this and had a look at my Spotify. It's there, but it seems like just a playlist generator. I see there is a 'DJ' that's meant to talk but I don't hear one.

EDIT: No...never mind, I just heard him. For an AI he sounds incredibly obnoxious.
Prepare to be whelmed.
Now here’s some tracks that our editors were paid to like!
Just wait until the voice over advertisements.
“While we’ve seen fans across the globe asking for DJ, it was most commonly requested by users on social media in the U.K. and Ireland.”

And here I was tweeting when it would come to Europe… 
I wonder how long I’ll still have to wait.
The mix is ok when I don't know what I want to hear. I skip the DJ interludes, which are extremely repetitive
Pls came to Brazil 🇧🇷
I'm still waiting for mine, I hope it comes out soon
I have Spotify but i won't be using the dj option
Fork off!!!
What a horrible fucking idea
It’s a good concept but it’s definitely got a ways to go yet. And I’m hopeful it will get better because it is still a beta system.
What is AI DJ?
"I'm hearing a song on a playlist that has no relation to the stuff you normally like or listen to.  Despite the thousands of songs you go for, I know this is the one"
Still waiting on my device in the uk on latest update with premium!
I'm in the UK and I STILL haven't got it?  What on earth is going on?  How does it take 10 days to roll out a new feature??  Are they personally programming it on each user's mobile phone?
How can i disable this crap feature? I hate how it takes up half of the screen just to emu k ate some bad FM radio DJ & formatting. Hate it.
They should have gone with a British voice. It's jarring listening to the USA accent, when everything else here has British accents.
Anyone knows when it might be coming to France ?
I'm pleasantly surprised with it so far. It's throwing up a lot of really good new stuff for me. My one major gripe is that the music seems more "compressed" or something? I don't know how to explain it.

But other than that, I'm liking it. Let's see how I feel in a week's time.
I'm pleasantly surprised with it so far. It's throwing up a lot of really good new stuff for me. My one major gripe is that the music seems more "compressed" or something? I don't know how to explain it.

But other than that, I'm liking it. Let's see how I feel in a week's time.
I love living in the country where the app was made and not having access to the new features😭
Unless I can change voices, it's basically just a radio station with annoying interludes from a person I wouldn't bother listening to on a radio...
Why does the shuffle do that?  Seriously I can go months listening to liked songs that never end up playing unless I choose them
Definitely agree on all points. One thing I do like is the "you're tastes are most similar to people in (insert place), here's what's most popular there now"

Evidently I'm a northwest USA kinda gal
Ha, exactly!
And what’s funny is that the “AI” DJ doesn’t refresh for a few days so I’ll be stuck with the same playlists using the AI anyway
I've started making playlists of forgotten songs because there are so many. Even within the playlists some become forgotten all over again lmao.
[deleted]
Turn off automix
Well said!!!
Spotify LOVES playing Ed Sheeran.  If he crops up in a playlist you're listening to you're going to know about it
I'm also in the UK. Doesn't seem to be available on my device yet but I suppose it will roll out slowly. I have a friend in the US who uses it and they think it's quite good
What does the voice sound like in the UK? Is it different than US?
Why not?
I'm not sure what's going on. That's strange.
Not surprised though. I remember when Canvas was launched a few years ago and after a few months it disappeared from my device. It's not been available to me for years and when I contacted support they just said "some features aren't available to everyone due to testing" etc etc
Have you managed to get it yet? I’m still waiting
Yeah... I have to be very proactive about playlists now. I used to just go from two or three master collections over 1000 tracks each which would repeat the same 200 or so, with 40-50 being extremely popular by the random.
Automix only affects like 20 spotify playlists. Other than those playlists it has no functionality
Check the dreaded music tab
Nope, according to the press release and articles, it's the same voice as in the US:

>When users in the U.K. and Ireland tune in they will be greeted by a stunningly realistic AI voice, modeled after Spotify’s own Head of Cultural Partnerships, Xavier “X” Jernigan.

Maybe they should hire someone else like John Oliver, King Charles or Jim Gaffigan who is an expert on the British accent and could also deliver some Swedish lines like "Björn Borg, Björn Borg, Björn Borg" in case they are needed some day, I think.
Same, I'm in Ireland and can't find it
Checked a few times. My app is definitely up to date as well. Fingers crossed it arrives for me soon, I'm curious to try it out.
It came up for me this afternoon, hopefully the same happens for you :)
Fair enough - check again soon and good luck! It's good fun
Thanks for the heads up, I couldn't find it on my home screen, but it came up when I searched for "DJ" :)
Interesting, so I have a second Premium account which I use for work purposes. I logged out and switched profiles – that one does have access to AI DJ, but my personal one doesn't (yet). Go figure.
yeah I finially got it.  And it's a bit rubbish isn't it?

I wanted an interactive DJ.  This is just a playlist with an annoying voice.
Plot thickens. I've found it on my personal account. Went to search and typed in DJ. It came up as a playlist in the results. Weird!  


Time to try it out...
Yeah it's not great. Also if you go back to it, it repeats what it's recommended instead of continuing where it left off.
I did that but I think that all I got was someone who had saved a playlist called AI DJ and used the DJ cover.
I literally still don’t have it for some reason
Ah, that's annoying. Are you 100% sure your app is fully updated? I have a friend who still doesn't have it either so it may just be rolling out slowly
Yea I even just installed another brand new update they’ve dropped and still nothing and I’m with premium
