Just had an idea: Spotify Notes. little reminders, add meaning to a playlist, records of nostalgia, a place for recollection, facts, topics, or thoughts written down as an aid to your Musical memories.
*Just had an idea. lol*

**Spotify Notes.**

Spotify Notes. When adding to a playlist/moving a song or folder or adding a public playlist to the library, you should be able to add a note with why it was placed there. 

It would be cool for little reminders, nostalgia, but also add meaning to a playlist.

THEN with the AI DJ, it could use those notes and use it to better suggest songs.

THEN it could also be used for search.

AND if you collaborate on a playlist with another person, it could be used as a message to be like "This song reminded me of you!" 

or "I know this song is overplayed, but I just had to add it" \[context being to our car playlist\] 

Then the AI would use those notes and the playlist name/context to know why I would have said something like that.  


the nostalgia of going into an old playlist would be amazing

but also organizing my music so I am not re-creating playlists all the time, notes would help me.

Then if it could be used for search, I could search keywords to make NEW playlists of songs from all of the playlists that contained the context of: BLAH  
(with maybe the ability to use an AI language model to search with natural conversations, and have it curate playlists based on the feelings/context of notes added?)  
The notes could also be used for custom tagging or keywords, etc. Maybe even for adding a note about which friend shared the song with us, etc.
Comments:
I'd use this. Maybe first time I heard the track, what arsehole ex the album reminds me off, "use this for my funeral". Like micro playlists!
thats a cool idea, I wish there was more creative and social stuff in general
This would be nice!  I wish they added a way to interact with followers of your playlists, too. Like, if they had a song suggestion, or something
Get this man a job at Spotify
just had this idea the other day.  hoping they add it one day!
Hear hear!!
I dig it.  Honestly Spotify could use a lot of improvements like this.
Rdio allowed you to comment on all releases. God damn I miss that service.
Yeah I love the idea of having descriptors for songs! It gets so annoying having to add songs to individual playlists all the time if I want to remember what kind of atmosphere they create. Hopefully they consider adding this as a bunch of people would benefit!
Totally would
I'm coming here from googling searching for this exact feature lol, what an amazing idea
Exactly! 🫶🏻
Same! I spend so much time within my playlists.
