A feature I would die for in Spotify
I am new to this sub so this may be an old idea but basically I love the weekly mix where you get to hear new music that kinda fits your genres. What I would really appreciate is a button that plays a random song out of all songs in spotify. The amount of new songs/artists/genres I would hear would sky rocket. I find it kinda hard to find new music to listen to so this would help out a lot.
Comments:
See, what I’d lose my mind about is if Spotify updated their algorithm to take into consideration “skip count”. If I skip a song 85% of the time it pops up in my queue, suggest it less. Spotify tries to push a lot of the same content which I skip nearly every time and I wish it would factor that in when selecting songs for the queue.
Like Discover Weekly? Its pretty good at finding me new stuff.
Try this: [https://random-song.com/](https://random-song.com/)
Another thing I've started doing is using the shuffle mix in my liked songs that plays something similar to the songs I've already liked so I don't even need the daily or weekly mixes. If you've made a playlist, you can use the Enhance feature and it does the same based on the songs in that playlist
I've used a couple services that will play a song that has never been played before. Cute, but I didn't find any gems
Is that what “Playlist * Discover Weekly” provides? 

Or - does Spotify provide any way to play an entirely random song picked entirely at random from the entire catalog?
https://spotify.link/CXoldHbvWAb

This playlist pretty much solves the issue. Random 30 tracks updating every day.
discoverifymusic.com is a good one. Creates you a discover daily playlist.

Surprisingly the AI DJ Spotify added has given me plenty of new songs recently!
There’s an App called smores that does something similar
If you want to find new music try musiclips, it’s an app that I made for that exact purpose. As far as finding completely random music I think you’d be surprised at how unenjoyable that really is. There is an astronomical amount of songs out there, and even if you like all genres, you still only like the top 5% songs in each genre. I will experiment with this in my app, but when I was making the recommendation system for musiclips it was extremely difficult to weed out the bad music.
I'd settle for Spotify consistently recognizing that I have a premium subscription. I just want to shuffle songs!
I wish it had more of a social aspect and was easier to find random playlists
Does Pandora still exist? If so, that's what you're looking for.
I think you'd very quickly realise how much utter crap there is on Spotify.
I'd love when you swipe up or go to settings on a song, you could see what genre it falls in so if you like it you can find more in the same genre
Everynoise.com have fun [:
I'm still waiting for RSS support, even if it's blocked behind a premium subscription. I'd gladly pay it.
Full music videos like in Apple Music …. Oh and a properly library management system
The smart shuffle literally does this?
That would be so cool!  Like shake the phone to activate it!!
There’s an app called Musiclips that sounds kind of what you’re after
I'd settle for when i ask google to play a song, that it would actually play that specific song - instead of some dub remix, a demo, karaoke version, or live recording that sounds like the mic was a mile away
As an artist I would love to get some random plays every once in a while it’s really hard to get people to find your music
Overflow menu button to remove the currently playing song from the currently playing playlist. There's 10 other options in the overflow menu and most of them are not as useful as this would be.
Good idea as long as they don’t monetize that feature and keep it genuine.. spotify looks for profit in a lot of their features
Still waiting for the ability to block genres or bands that I don't like.
An offline feature that functions just like the online, but with only a local search option.  As someone who works and lives in poor service, this would greatly improve my experience.
I'm working on a website that tries to accomplish this be having a bunch of genre based playlists that are kept up to date by user-voted submissions. Songs have to be recent and for artists with under 1k followers. 

Idk how well it will work though!
This would probably be full of crap songs and rain sounds
Start using the DJ AI. It’s great!
I would love for Spotify to understand that when I thumb down an ad for hearing it too much that doesn’t mean play it even more
melodic aromatic slim sink imminent outgoing crush bag squash tart

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev/home)*
Try https://moodplaylist.com it basically does this. Generate a playlist and click the Spotify button for the songs u like
What I’ve always wanted is for it to track when I turn up the volume. Like it’s already liked, it plays frequently, but I want them to know when I FEEL it, and find me more things like that rofl.
I would love for Spotify to finally accept that I don’t want to listen to father John misty or tame impala
It’s never random.
that feeling when you skip that one liked song every time it pops up, but you don't unlike it either
This! So frustrated that apparently listening to just enough of a song to identify it as something you don’t like and then skipping counts as totally listening to it so you must like it here keep listening to it over and over -_-
They always recommend me 
Jpop even though I never listened to it before
I believe they're asking for a discovery feature which isn't algorithmically tailored to them, but rather a genuinely random selection from Spotify's entire music catalogue.
I mean I always listen to my discover weekly playlist but I mean I listen to all of those songs in 30-45 minutes and only add like 2-3 to my playlist. I want more haha
This is amazing! Thank you. I’m having so much fun playing with this.
oh wow thank you that is actually amazing!
Discover weekly is heavily curated based on your listening habits, not a random selection of tracks from the Spotify catalogue, which is what OP seems to want.
This is great, thanks!
thanks. do you have any more?
I am actually loving X! Love his voice too.
Oh, i like discoverify, thanks! And it’s free! Yeah looking forward to test that feature here
I wish it would recommend me new songs. It just plays songs I listen to regularly.
just found it and cannot wait to use it :-)
Have been using your app for a week or so now and I really like it. It has introduced me to a ton of new music in all kinds of genres already!
Yes, it would be so nice to find playlists from other users with similar tastes.
[deleted]
That’s an interesting idea. If they could figure out how to do that, I’d be pretty impressed given that the reason for volume change can be so broad.
privacy and data protection has left the chat
Way back when, I remember a thumbs down function. Sure wish they’d bring that back.
If you go to their artist pages and click the three dots next to "follow" there is a drop down menu with an option that says "Don't play this artist" - They won't be able to play even if you click on one of their songs.
I know, and I’m not really asking it to be random. I’m just suggesting their algorithm would be improved by taking into account skip count.
literally all I get in my discover weekly is video game music, which is only like 2 out of the 1800 songs i have saved
There’s also https://forgotify.com if you want to listen to songs that are rarely or never listened to.
Yeah exactly!
That’s so great to hear! I hope you continue to find music & please feel free to message me if you have any suggestions!
Not seeing this.  This in the mobile app, website or desktop app?
…. Tbh, I hadn’t considered that lol. Thanks for pointing that out
Which is of limited value. There are plenty of artists I'm only interested in a limited number of songs by and even my faves have stinkers I don't want to hear.
ok! then.  I tried it and got the track "Dancing Bears" off of the album Bugger Pickers.  Love it!
