What's the silliest thing Spotify's AI DJ "X" has said to you?
I just heard the AI DJ say that Bob Dylan was one of the most influential artists of the "one-thousand nine-hundred and sixties". :D 

I've also heard him refer to artists like "Tears FURfears" and "Bana-NArama." 

What's the dumbest mispronunciation you've heard so far?
Comments:
Blink-One Hundred Eighty Two
He spelled out W.A.S.P., “hey how about some double you ay ess pee?”
I was impressed He pronounced !!! as chkchkchk
"Here some of your typical sunday morning vibes, starting off with Shitfucker"
I just love hearing him say "Pigs Pigs Pigs Pigs Pigs Pigs Pigs"
Alexisonfire (pronounced alexis on fire) = alex-ee-sahn-feer
He pranked me on April Fool's day last year. He started playing obscure classical musical and pretending like it's currently the height of pop music today. It was really weird.
"In third grade, I cheated on my history exam. In fourth grade, I stole my uncle Max’s toupee and I glued it on my face when I was Moses in my Hebrew School play. In fifth grade, I knocked my sister Edie down the stairs and I blamed it on the dog… when my mom sent me to the summer camp for fat kids and then they served lunch I got nuts and I pigged out and they kicked me out… but the worst thing I ever done – I mixed a pot of fake puke at home and then I went to this movie theater, hid the puke in my jacket, climbed up to the balcony and then, t-t-then, I made a noise like this: hua-hua-hua-huaaaaaaa – and then I dumped it over the side, all over the people in the audience. And then, this was horrible, all the people started getting sick and throwing up all over each other. I never felt so bad in my entire life."
Listening to DJ pronounce Militarie Gun gives me a chuckle every time
I listen to a lot of German artists so it’s always entertaining to hear the DJ try to get those right lolll
How do you do that?
I’ve had it pronounce Donald Fagen with a real emphasis on the first three letters of his last name :/
Told me that Tom Cochrane was a one hit wonder.
It used to really butcher Hüsker Dü.

“And now let’s hear from Scher Dee.”
I listen to a lot of musicals. My favorite is when it’s like “back in 2019, you couldn’t get enough of ‘original Broadway cast recording’ so here’s some of their best songs” and then it’s a crapshoot: is it Hadestown? Is it Falsettos? Is it Hamilton? Who knows. Just original Broadway cast recording
Wait what the hell is an ai dj
I've never heard of this before but I already hate it
It pronounced PsychoStick as SI-kostic.  It threw me for a loop until the song came on.
I don't have an AI DJ yet on my Spotify. I'm now wondering how it would pronounce the local artist name and local song title. Lol.
I find it funny that he can't pronounce Pyschostick.
He tried his very best to say Sanguisugabogg.
Dude,of the bots on my phone Google assistant,Alexa app,Spotify,etc.) Spotify is the derpiest. Scratch that. Fucktarded. I ask for scissors sisters I get Bruce Springsteen. I ask for the Darkness I get Taco. I ask for Linda Ronstadt I get "sorry,there are no matches for Larry Schmidt."
Pronounced CVLTE ("cult" yet another band jumping on the "alternative spelling" train) as "C-velt" umm wut?!?!
I’d give anything to be able to change the DJ voice. Like, it’s just jarring to have this super enthusiastic top 40 DJ voice introducing Scandinavian folk and 90s college rock. I need more apathy, more pretension! 

Also, when he tells me he “put together a lil somethin’ I think you’ll like” it feels sexually suggestive in a way that makes me VERY uncomfortable, but don’t worry - I’m unpacking that in therapy.
It said "Here are some artists and tracks with a similar vibe", then proceeded to start with "Closer - Nine Inch Nails" then "Best Day of my life - American Authors"... I am speechless.
I know this is an old thread but I got this today and just have to tell somebody about it:

"Now how about some cozy campfire vibes, imagine this, you're sitting around a fire telling ghost stories when out of the woods comes Rush like 'whats up'" then proceeded to play Closer to the Heart by Rush.
My DJ said to explain the gratitude and it’s been an honor being your dj in these time and I wanted to dedicated these lyrics to show you how I feel. And he played Ku-ku jodel by oesch’s die dritten. I wish I could reverse in time and recorded it 😂
Chris Isaak becomes "Chris-a-sock."
JME is now Jim 😂
He pronounced Billy Joel as “Billy Joe-El”… like it was straight out of the Jim Gaffigan bit lol!
Just today, I had another one. He pronounced $igma as "dollars igma".
Gave music vibe to this "Think of it like a cucumber wanted to be a pickle"
just got:

imagine you and and your friends are sitting around a campfire and Jon Pardi comes out of the woods like wassup
Just told me meek mill and how he’s famous for his legal battles with other artists and his teams legal actions hahaha
Just told me "We're gonna play some songs that might put a smile on your face, that's kinda creepy when you think about it" ... WTF
Sven Dose (Sven Dohse)
Haha, he recently said something random and followed it up by “Like when a cucumber really wants to be a pickle” on my drive home from work. Had me laughing the rest of the way home.
‘Feef’ Instead of FeFe 
I just heard him announce "New Frontier" by Donald Fagan, and pronounced it as FAG-an. And the other day he announced a song by REO Speedwagon as "Reo" (rhyming with Cleo).
I started skipping songs and it just got an attitude with me. Told me if there’s something that i specifically wanted to hear to open my fingers and tell him? Excuse me? Are we digitally arguing? He’s so toxic? I put my phone down and was afraid to skip the next song.
90,210
Mine called Timecop1983 Timecop 1-9-8-4 yes 4 not 3
Said my music tastes were shitty.
Wait, what's that feature?
I have no idea where that even is
When he plays music I’ve been listen to lately and it’s a song/artist I’ve never heard of
I avoid using it. Give me a set from a human with a beating heart
I avoid the DJ at all costs
i used my personal spotify account to do Christmas music at work ( fun new ones not the same Nat King cole every 15 min)   but not it thinks I want to hear it some more
It always says Colin Stuff for Colin Stough
similarly i got "death from above one thousand nine hundred and seventy-nine" 💀
I've had this, I understand "one - eight - two" or "one - eighty - two" but that is just all wrong
That's the name of the band.
To be fair that's how it should be said in that form
Because some languages use “!” to indicate a “click consonant” iirc
Sounds like a solid start to the day.
Low-key, that "wrong" pronunciation sounds french!
"HIT PUREE!"
Now do the Truffle Shuffle!
Classic Chunk moment!
Damn, why do I feel like that's cruel even to the AI DJ lmao
Https://newsroom.spotify.com/2023-02-22/spotify-debuts-a-new-ai-dj-right-in-your-pocket/
Hahaha fantastic.
Hah! We were just having a conversation about that the other day. My band is covering "Life is A Highway" and at rehearsal we got into a thing about how he was massive in Canadia.
Hah yeah, I've had that happen. "Original London Cast that last one there..."
[https://support.spotify.com/us/article/dj/](https://support.spotify.com/us/article/dj/)
I do a ton of volunteering with Chagrin Valley Little Theatre. Maybe this explains why sometimes apps or sites try to autocorrect it by adding the "E" to CVLT…
Dang. Now I kind of regret canceling my subscription. Lol Amazing.
"Private listening session" is your friend. That, or right click on the Christmas playlist and tell Spotify not to include it in your taste profile. Too late to fix it now, but it's a lesson learned by playing music for my kids in the car. Spotify DJ still suggests video game meme music from 2016 to me all the time…
Wow. That is exceptionally high.
That’s hilarious 😂
