Is Spotify’s AI DJ X actually good now?
I’ve noticed a bunch of my friends are listening to their DJ X queue for extended periods lately. When it first came out, the reactions were pretty mixed, most people thought it was kinda underwhelming and repetitive. From what I’ve seen, it either gives me a playlist of songs I’ve never heard before that are kinda different from my usual style but I end up liking, or it plays the top tracks I’ve been playing the most over the last month.

Has the algorithm improved over time? Is it better at curating personalized selections now? Or is it just one of those things that grows on you the more you use it? 

Curious to hear what you all think 
Comments:
I didn't like it at first, but I definitely find myself using it more lately.  I think it's doing a better job at playing what I like and what it thinks I'll like (the latter it wasn't doing as well before).  As my "liked songs" playlist gets bigger and more diverse, the dj just makes sense because it'll play stuff from that list anyway.
Maybe take this with a grain of salt because it seems to be an unpopular opinion but I kind of like it. At least sometimes. I'll use it maybe once or twice a week.  I agree with some of the criticisms. It's mostly just playing songs that I've played before. Since I listen to different genres, I find it plays them in groups of maybe 5 or so songs from each genre at a time. Sometimes it goes into just playing a bunch of pop songs that would never listen to but if I press the DJ button again it skips to the next genre. One thing someone mentioned before, that I agree with, is that it'd be cool if we could prompt it with instructions. But I have made a few cool band discoveries from it. The other day it played a cool band I never knew about called Molotov.
I dunno if it's cos I cleared my cache earlier in the day but when I used it a couple days ago it was pretty much just pulling from my most recent playlist which was not what I wanted.
No, its the same 40 songs. Would be great for going to gym everyday and not overthinking a playlist but its too repetitive and same-y.
I like it, but it simply won't stop trying to sneak Kendrick Lamar and Sabrina Carpenter into my otherwise Classic Rock/Metal playlist. They must be paying for exposure or something. There is nothing in my listen history to indicate that I would be remotely interested in these artists.
I mostly play Spotify while gaming or working or reading, so having a voice talking feels intrusive. If I could disable the talking, I might try it more, but currently I don't use it because I don't want to hear a "DJ" voice.
I do use it a lot just to save the time of looking up songs but it's really frustrating how it plays me the same damn songs. Like I of course love those songs but damn... I know I listen to more stuff when I manually look things up! I end up skipping more than actually enjoying the DJ sets. Sigh. Wish they'd take feedback or have somewhere to like train the AI to learn more about how we want to use this feature!
i have been using it a lot more in the last 2 weeks and the recommendation actually got really good
Now I want to know which Molotov song it was
This happened to me too, except this turned me into liking some of their songs lol 

I use DJ X 98% of the time in over a yr now. My biggest beef with DJ X is playing songs I’ve already hidden.
