Spotify DJ is sick, and I'll die on this hill
The context this AI has is insane, it legit gives a feeling of a real DJ. Now I know it's based entirely on my history and that side of it isn't impressive at all. 

What's impressive is how easy it is, I don't have to play a playlist and then at the end find the next one etc. It links new playlists with old ones and says believable stuff like "now we're taking it back to a couple of years ago when COVID had us down. But we didn't feel down because of songs like this..." Queue a song I played a lot back then. 

I follow AI and gpt4 a lot and get a bit sick of all the new apps using it which are just very gimmicky. This use just feels very original and I've got a lot of respect for the Devs on this one.
Comments:
"Hey, my name is Xavier and here is a bunch of trax you've already liked followed by a bunch of trax you haven't listened to in while."

...
So it’s a smart shuffle basically that takes into account your listening history? You just hit play and it does the rest?
I gave it a shot until it started absolutely going hellbent on playing nothing but Bad Bunny when I mostly listen to synthwave/disco. Even after taking breaks it would be all cheeky and cute and hit me with a "taste breaker" and immediately play the same fucking song I didn't want to listen to.
I like the DJ concept but there are a few things I wish I could fine tune. 

First off I would love a female voice. Personal preference. 

Secondly I’d like to be able to fine tune the DJ and its recommendations as things are played. Mainly choosing what songs or genres I can exclude. Nothing like hearing some Metallica and suddenly the DJ says “now something you’ve really been enjoying a few months ago” babyyy shark do do doooo because I have a kid. 

Choosing the frequency the DJ changes moods/genres

Maybe an actually genre or mood specific DJ would be cool. Like a hip hop DJ with a specific voice. Rock DJ with a different voice etc.
For me, it's really hit or miss

Sometimes it gives me exactly what I want, and other times it's the most "wtf" suggestions I don't like
I think it *will* be good, but they've still got some work to do in fine tuning. Whenever it starts playing shit off the editors' lists in particular, I know I'm about to hear some of the worst music of my life. I'm talking like the worst hyperpop and noname bedroom pop garbage you've ever heard.
[deleted]
I agree with you, and enjoy it very much. I actually changed my Spotify country back to the USA (I live in Mexico but from the US) just for this feature, despite it costing me double. I don't feel one way of other about the voice feature, but I just love having the option of pushing play when going for a walk or drive, and not having to choose a playlist.
Where do I find this feature?
For me it likes to play music I don’t like
Love when it reads out a release year like one thousand nineteen hundred and seventy-nine.
I was into it for a bit, until it just started playing the same chunks all over again. And when it went "It's memorial day! Let's celebrate our soldiers and play some things to get you into a memorial day mood." and then played a bunch of yee haw country.

There is no country in my spotify at all, because I don't like it.

I also live in Canada, where it was \*not\* memorial day weekend.
It's the best feature Spotify has added in years. I love it
I am not a fan. I think it thinks I listen to exclusively metal. I listen to a good bit, but I’d like some variety.
Bro that’s all I’ve legit listened too the last like month
I've been a big fan since day 1. It's been getting better and better as time goes too. Sometimes I have to go back and look to see when the last time I listened to a band on Spotify was. X will be "here's a band from your younger days..." and it's something that I used to love back in like 1997 that has never been on my Spotify. I get it, year + genre + other listens means the AI can estimate some things, but it's been eerily accurate.   


I want the ability to choose the voice/persona of the DJ. For when I'm at the gym, I want something like Jose from Sirius screaming at me that Slayer is next. Meanwhile at work I want a calm, soothing female voice giving me tunes and news updates.
My Spotify DJ gets stuck in loops at least once a week. It’ll be like, “Here’s something new you might like,” and then it’ll play some okay songs.

When I hit the button to “change the feeling” the DJ says, “okay, I got you, changing it up. Let’s play songs you’ve been enjoying recently,” and play songs off of my recently played list. Which are the songs it just played.

So I’ll change it again, and he’ll go, “not feeling it? Okay! How about songs that you have on repeat!” And it will grab songs that I’ve listened to multiple times… but those same songs are now on that list because they have been played multiple times.

So I’ll try to change it again, and he’ll go, “Okay, how about we highlight an artist you recently have been enjoying,” and … it plays the artist of the songs it has repeated several times at this point.
Agreed. This DJ is really good, I always have a good session.
I literally just listened to the AI DJ thing while showering today and I hate it. They played me BTS, who I have never ducking listened to in my life to celebrate their 10th year together as a group- I’m sure other people care but not me man. Then, they went from Megan thee Stallion to “all the feels” kind of songs… I don’t know what went wrong with my AI but it’s the worst DJ I’ve ever met. 🫠
Literally learning about Spotify's AI DJ from this post. I think I just met my next obsession. So curious to see if my music ends up on my queue. I do dig my own music ngl..
Literally JUST now learned about this,   


This shit is cool as fuuuuck
Still hasn't hit my region yet :(
I want to relate, but mine pretty much exclusively plays Top 40 hits and that's not at all what I listen to.
It just dropped in the UK, and I have to say I was very impressed how good it is. Does a good job at mixing my various playlists and history with a few random choices. It's like listening to a radio station that could play things you don't know/like, but focuses far more on things you do
My experience with it is that it is really rough around the edges. 

It needs to stop suggesting top 5 chart songs in my country, as that is clearly based on marketing efforts and not AI. 

It throws up an artist I used to listen to 2 or 3 songs from and then give me 6 tracks in a row that I don’t like and have never heard before. 

Pressing the DJ button when it plays something you don’t like does seem to help though. It played a string of absolute dross yesterday and I hit the DJ button so many times the feature became unavailable. Today the playlists were a lot better.
I kinda like it.  It’s still buggy.  The “Editor’s Choice” songs repeat a lot, but I guess it learns based on what you skip?  Dunno, but it is great for work.  Wish I could change the voice though, dude sounds like Ice-T
I would agree if it actually played the stuff i like and not the top40
I was actually disappointed by it. Spotify knows the key and bpm of the tracks so I thought there'd be some mixing. The dj doesn't even talk over the outro and intro of the tracks to make it feel like radio. It's just a less useful version of all the playlists spotify usually makes for me, because the music is less coherent.
Not a big fan of it. Rarely does it play something I'm interested in 😕
I don't like that it plays sponsored songs.
My Dj has an urban intonation to his midwestern american english. Its hilarious cause he'll come thru and be all hype like " aight man, i see you you've been rocking out to this lately alot, so we gonna play some of these tracks for you " and then proceed to play some super slow harold budd ambient works.
It constantly repeats music that it knows I like and feels terrified to play me new songs based on genres I like
Everyone's mileage may vary but for me its soo trash, it changes up the styles too frequently, im in a flow working away and then it drops some crazy banger EDM song, and ruins my vibe.  It's suggestions for me were waaay off the mark, like playing new songs i would never choose myself and are nothing like what i enjoy.
I’d like to see the bot find more music similar to what I’ve been listening to and less about playing songs I already have in my playlist.
If it recs lil uzi vert one more time because I listen to MF DOOM I am going to explode the spotify servers.
Yeah but can it like shut the fuck up? If I wanted a fucking dj I’d listen to stupid radio.
Agreed. I at least figured the DJ would throw out random trivia about a band or if they were on tour or quotes or something. Best I got was hearing him trying to pronounce “The Chameleons”
IM STILL WAITING
I like it. My complaint is that it doesn’t remember where I left off if I go listen to something else or if I switch from my pc to my phone.
On April Fools it said something to me like “Now we are gonna get started with some hits from the 20th century.” And played for about 10 seconds and told me April Fools. I got April Fooled by an AI
How do I use it?
Yer well i dont get it cause im australian so, sounds awesome
It's pretty cool IMO.
I still don't have it on mine, i really wanna try the AI DJ out. (The Netherlands)
How do?
8 /10 songs it recommends are songs i already have liked…i dont like it
I once got a mix of EDM with bagpipes. It was gnarly. I also like the individual artists sets. Here's some music from REM or Green Day.
[deleted]
I hope it will be released in Italy soon, even if it speaks English I wouldn't care.
Shame it doesn't mix tracks too. And beat match. Then I'll be impressed!
I think it's cool but all my friends hated the voice & lack of accent control. It just grated on them.
I'd love to try it out but spotify just LOVES to neglect their desktop users.
Is spotify dj available to all regions?
It's so perfect for those days where you can't decide what to listen to
Is this a new function? I don't see it on the app
I know this thread is from a while ago but I just wanted to say I really liked the DJ feature when it first came out but did find it rather repetitive so stopped using it. I started using again recently and I'm really liking it again. It definitely has some bugs specifically around repeating songs that they need to iron out but I think Spotify are on to something it just needs some work.
The DJ function as absolute trash. It assumes you listen to music that you like. Which is not the case for the majority. You listen to music you like, AND you listen to stupid music, you listen to fun music, you listen to music you DONT like because a friend likes it... about 90% of the tracks suggested are trash. The AI doesnt have sufficient data to work at any even remotely good level.
It's trash. Be delusional if you want. 😂
My only complaint is it keeps trying to play "todays hits" for me, no matter how many times I skip them.
I mean, Spotify was already very good at recommendations and knowing what you liked.

This 'AI' basically opens that functionality a bit more, allowing it to choose songs you like across playlists and libraries, and puts a voice behind it.

Which is what modern 'AI' is still only good for really. Pattern recognition and prediction.
youre a psyop
This post is gross
[deleted]
Lmao i already forgot that existed, we still dont have it here, its incredible...
Ai is dumb af haha die on the hill bro and stay there
Still don’t see it in the US
[deleted]
Still waiting for it to come here…
I have Spotify premium in Canada, I have yet to see how you access this DJ is it not available in Canada?
It works really well for me.  When it starts playing too much of something or not enough of something else, I take a break and train my algorithm for a while.
It’s got promise but right now it’s hit or miss. It served me up some banging new rock and I didn’t skip a single track and added quite a few to my library so what does it do, ruins the vibe and starts sending me chilled out pop.
I'm loving it so far, new stuff that fits what I listen to now and rediscovering tracks I forgot I was listening to 7 years ago.
I'm in the States and have premium but I do not see where you can get it on my phone app.
For me it goes from metal to Grover Washington, Jr. to random trash I hate
I feel sorry for your mother
Thanks so much for this post, I use Spotify mostly on my pc and had no idea this was a thing.
It’s basically just a smart shuffle with some quips thrown in but I dig it, I drive highways and interstates a lot so I like it. I mean it’s not worldshattering but it’s a step in the right direction
For April fools it played Gregorian Chants, like some sort of joke, but I listened to them for a solid month because it was strange enough to keep people away from me at the park. 

Other then that it's been pretty good to me.
It’s pretty useless the way it is right now. If I could assign it to a playlist, I’d be happy. I miss the old DJs from games like SSX 3. DJ Atomika…

As of now, it will play one song that’s kind of like what I listen to today, then the vibe is dead because it wants to play shit that I don’t like anymore because it’s what I once listened to…

Just let me assign music to the DJ. Also, let us choose the frequency of when he comes up. I’d like to hear him before each track TBH. Everything else it does is fine.
Meh. Not what I want at all.
I just clicked into it for the first time, and it went right into my lofi history which is great for work time. But if it starts to play the crap my kids listen to from my Spotify-linked Alexa device at home...
Yeah I’m enjoying it a lot!!
It’s a really good feature, but it doesn’t always work. My primary music taste like 99% of the time is metal so it’s a little jarring when it decides to just switch it up completely and throw in country or hip hop
Sorry to bust your bubble, but Spotify DJ is the same thing feature they’ve had for a decade now. It’s a dynamic playlist. Except they added a voice-over it (like Siri, Alexa, or any number of voices bots that have been downloadable on the internet for the past 15 years). It’s the **SAME** thing as any of your daily playlists.

Apple Music has had this feature since day one, it’s called “[Your Name]’s Station”.  You tap a button and it plays songs from your library with a couple of new tracks thrown in all based arounds some mood or genre. It’s the reason I keep my Apple Music account in addition to my Spotify Premium account. But it’s not AI. 

Get used to it. Every algorithm is going to be called “AI” now. Google is set to introduce a new AI feature that presents you with relevant websites when you type a prompt into a command box. Amazon is going to use AI to offer you mew deals based in your shopping history! Video games are using AI to have NPC’s react to things your do in the game! And finally Netflix will use AI to help executives decide what shows people want to watch! I even heard calculators are harnessing AI to solve math problems now. 

It’s called marketing hype.
It won't stop playing fuckin orchestral music. Why??
I would love it if the voice was more like British radio presenters I'm used to, like the mixing and presenting style, etc not necessarily the accent with, maybe with a few jingles/news and trivia about the artists, references to the local weather etc mixed in with the songs. I love the vibe of listening to radio but the AI experience is a bit sterile at the moment.
I'm glad you're willing to die on that hill alone
Yeeeaaaa.   Any DJ that has access to my music library and then goes way, way off into stuff I would NEVER listen to, is not good. If Def Tones and Tool are in your library, then you probably don't wanna hear gospel.
A month in, if I'm not just listening to podcasts I only find myself listening to the DJ. With 15 years hearing what I list to, it's pretty damn good on knowing what I want to listen to and when. There are times I have to push the "DJ" button but it's definitely few and far between.
I mostly like it except for a weird obsession it has with showing me dutch stand up comedians... its like 40 percent dutch comedy that I cant understand but the other 60 percent is pretty good
I really like it, its become quite a bit 'chattier' of late too. It gives me a good mix of songs I like, songs I forgot I like, and songs I ended up liking! They've introduced a nice crossfade and when he speaks, you can hear a song start behind it like a real radio DJ would do.
Nah this dude sucks. "Here's an artist you have never heard before but i say you have so heres 5 of his songs""

Then he'll Play some dark trap and throw tupac in it because apparently tupac is dark trap
Mine says my name to me in a super robotic way but it’s better than nothing.
Mine tells me I used to always listen to a band i never heard of.
Pretty much
Yeah, it'll take the music you listen to over certain time periods and group them up, playing them and rotating through each group and adding music you haven't heard before that fits the vibe of the songs before it.
define smart shuffle? 

it takes genres that you like and makes little blocks of 3 or 4 songs  from one of them, and adds some banter in between. sometimes it plays off an old playlist but sometimes it picks stuff you've never played before.
Idk how it would work for me. I listen to genres that would not go well together at all
Blink 182 for me, it seems to think I'm obsessed with them and I can't think of any time I've actually queued them up myself on Spotify 🤣
I super wish there was a downvote to let AI know when you don't want a song or artist treated as your favorite..
Yeah, my Bad Bunny is Missy Elliott. I played a few of her songs sometime last month and now she’s in constant rotation, if not whole blocks of songs. It’s happened enough to keep me off of the DJ until they do an update.
I can’t wait to hear back to back sleep songs in the middle of the day 😂
Mine started with “I see Dua Lipa on your playlist, we’ll start there!” Like I have two Dua Lipa songs in the entirety of my 200+ playlists lol. After that it was fine though. I have a feeling it’s tied to ads, where artists can pay to have their songs show up more in the DJ playlists.
ALL of this^

It'd be awesome if it had a few fine-tuning buttons (and a thumbs down option) you could use to influence the queue without interrupting the music. Something like what Youtube Music has.

Really not rocket science.
I wish I can continue the songs he’s playing in one genre without moving to the next
you can remove things from your taste profile which will remove them from things like this, just gotta put the songs in a playlist and hit the three dots at the top of the playlist to “exclude from your taste profile”
This is absolutely spot on. After using it a few times, I was surprised you couldn't change the voice, I thought that would be a really cool feature. 

I agree, sometimes I stick a song or playlist on that I don't actually like, for the sake of a party I'm at. I'd love to be able to exclude these from consideration by it's algo. And being able to make it biased depending on what you feel like listening to would be a great feature.
I want MY DJ to be Arnold's voice
>First off I would love a female voice. Personal preference. 

I want mine to sound like Moira Rose
It has played country a few times, much to my absolute horror. Does Spotify want me to get in a car accident as I  press skip as fast as I can several times? There is zero reason it should be doing that.
I agree. But if there's a chance it will play a song that I haven't heard, but decide I like them I'm all for it
It played cardi b today for me never using it again
I agree, the editor picks are complete garbage and I automatically skip them. I have heard a few things I ordinarily wouldn't listen to (more aligned with my usual favourites) but a lot comes out of left field also.
I agree, I think it's still early. Ah jeez, that sucks. I hate being recommended music based on how popular it is by the "majority". It has enough data on me to know what I actually like. Hopefully they stop that!
It repeats once you’ve finished all the “playlists” but the next day it should reset and play different songs in different orders. At least that’s what happened for me
Ah that sucks, I don't have that problem. Have you listened to a big variety of music on there? I've had Spotify for years, and they probably have a tonne of data on me, which is exactly what these types of AI driven features need.
I agree mate. One of my favourite features for a long time has been clicking "song radio" on a song and it finds other similar tracks which is cool. But they're all specific to that one track. This is way more open to my taste as a whole across all the songs
Search 'DJ' and it'll be an option.
11979
It’s petty but I hate the fact it has an American accent. I don’t really get the point of the DJ to be honest and I’d rather listen to the real radio
[deleted]
[deleted]
Why's that mate? What was your experience with it? I'm still quite new to using it.
Yes it is.
I just searched "Spotify DJ" in the PC app and found it that way.
I think they're beta testing in the US
I'm in Canada and I've had it since around the end of March (also on premium). I got a pop-up when it first started, but I think you can access it through the "my mixes" section. Maybe try that. It could take a bit of digging. Or I was just randomly picked to test it, I don't know.
Lol my name has no hard consonants, so it just sounds like a mistake
Yeah, that’s fucking spooky lol
Sadly this wont work for me because I have a gf

EDIT: Who uses my Spotify, which messes up my recommendations.
Mine will repeat songs a lot, during the same day or even the same session. I feel like Pandora used to have really great discovery/introduce you to be things, but at least for me, my AI DJ is worse than the playlists or radio stations Spotify suggests.
A normal shuffle randomizes one list, a smarter shuffle randomizes an entire collection in a more equitable manner like you described.
I’d assume it depends on your listening habits. If you listen to them in random order, then perhaps it will do just that. Someone did mention it like cycles through your playlists playing 3-4 songs from each.
I played Sugar Ray once and now it thinks I'm their biggest fan
Mine is Binaural Beats and Music for Cats.

Like, I only play that when I'm studying or have to get my cats to calm tf down.
None of it’s rocket science, but everything is a feature that has to be agreed upon, implemented, tested, released, supported, all by a finite team of people with their own lives.
Wwwwhhhhhaaaatttttt that’s awesome. So just make a playlist called “don’t play me” and throw everything in there you don’t want played and it will exclude it from your playing as long as you hit exclude from taste profile?

That’s awesome!
It played three days grace and i wanna chuck my phone out through the windshield
Nah, that's eleventy thousand, ninety seventy nine.
Just came up on my app. Click on music and see if it is an option there
It’s phone only.
I found it on my phone and then it came up on my desktop app, swapped sources and pressed the DJ button in the bottom right and it added it as a playlist
[deleted]
Not the person you asked, but... 

I stopped using it after multiple sessions. I have eclectic and wide ranging taste in music. And I had no control over what was being offered, so even when it would play music I like it wasn't what I wanted to hear at the moment. It would also do the "taste breaker" songs which just amplified the above problem. I also couldn't see what was in the queue so I was left listening to songs I wasn't keen on listening to and even if I skipped the song I had no idea what was coming up.

I think it can be good with a little more interactivity and responsiveness to what the listener wants at that moment. I love the idea but it hasn't lived up to my expectations.
[deleted]
I've had it over the pond in the UK for a few weeks now. Wonder if they're releasing it country by country which they like to do.
?
My Spotify is linked to our Alexa, and my other half constantly used it before we got the duo account (or whatever it's called). I like DJX but a lot of it brings up his music! Oh well.
Me too. He recently got his own account but the ai will do as op says and say "here's some songs you played a lot couple of years ago but haven't listen to recently" and it'll be terrible stuff he listens to
Mine was only playing lullabies and the Wiggles. I right-clicked on the kids playlists and chose "Exclude from your taste profile" and it started working way better.
It’s probably because the DJ resets every morning when it’s wakes up there’s a halo hanging from the corner of its four post bed
There’s an option you can select in each playlists settings to “Exclude From your taste profile” that may stop this from happening. With a 6 year old into Nerdcore it’s REALLY handy to be able to select it!
Ha. I am very tempted to look for "music for cats" to see if it is real, but afraid I might wind up where you are with the robot thinking I like it.
10001979
I have it on PC.
He beat us boys, pack it up, and move to Apple music. This logic is flawless. Spotify will be dead by Friday once everyone sees u/CleoCatra4 's flawless and well thought out opinion!
I think the interactivity thing is key. I don't want to cede *all* control, just most. Even if it throws up three options for "vibes" or whatever they want to call it, that would be an improvement for me.
No idea sorry. It appeared on both at the same time for me. Maybe I was lucky!

I thought everyone had it.
Who uses my Spotify..
"Woo-hoo let's party!"

*Over the moor, take me to the moor, dig a shallow grave and I lay me down...*
Yup, exactly
Same issue. Also grand kids stuff. I found I can go through "recents" and other stuff and click the menu to not include that in my taste profile. Plus, "liking" a bunch of stuff I actually like seems to eventually cancel out the other stuff. I still have to harp on wife to change Alexa to her account or she screws up my Spotify play history again. She doesn't care if the kids mess hers up with Disney hits and stuff.
Yeah matching music taste is a nice addition, but finding someone who likes my music would be too big of a blocker.
Goddammit
It's not *unpleasant* - a little avant garde with lots of purring. Please dont ask what internet rabbit hole I fell down to find this music, but it's David Teie.
I think it must be a new thing. I just check and I have it on my PC and it started with the AI voice too. The first time I used it, it was only on the phone, and the voice wouldn't work if cast to another device.
Why not get spotify duo
Yeah, still no voice when cast to an Echo device.. Guess that might take a bit longer.
