how do you guys usually discover new songs you like?
for me now its tiktok, but it used to be when i have spotify linked on my tv or smth and my playlist ends it gies through ones u might like
Comments:
Spotify radio.
Find a song or band you like and listen to the song/band radio channel
Discover Weekly and radios based on songs I love!!

It took some fine tuning but my discover weekly got so much better once I started liking songs I loved from it/hiding the ones I really didn’t like, and some of my new favorites have come from hitting the DW jackpot. And radios will adapt over time based on your listening habits, so a radio for one song today will generate a slightly different list of songs a week later. Johnny It’s The Last Time by Raveena is my all time favorite song to use for starting a radio if you want to try 🥰.
[everynoise.com](http://everynoise.com)
Friends. 

Music blogs/websites

Under the Radar (one of the last great music mags still in print)
I like to take a band that I already know I like a lot and look up who their influences are/look up who has been influenced by them since.

Also recommend listening to entire albums, which seems obvious but wasn’t natural for me since I grew up being able to listen to whatever song I wanted to on the internet.
Various Spotify playlists (Discover Weekly, Release Radar, Fresh Finds, New Music Friday, etc.)

Also soundtracks from movies & tv shows that I like
https://playlost.fm

It’s a database of all the best playlists submitted to Reddit:

•	⁠submit a playlist and get automatically matched to a similar playlist by shared artists, songs, and genres
•	⁠browse by subreddit to get a playlist showcasing the top tracks on playlists submitted to that subreddit

I’m the creator so any feedback is welcome!
Not mentioned in another comment I think:  
The recommendations of Spotify of songs to add to an existing playlist (underneath the playlist). I guess it's not that different from Spotify radio though
I used to type a random word into the search bar and then dig through playlists that came up to see if it had anything in common with mine and then would queue new songs that seemed interesting from there
The last few months i will listen to r/indieheads weekly top 40 till i find something that grabs me. It's got all different genres and every week there are so many I've never heard of.
 I look up Genre based playlist, didn’t think I was into this much music. Synth, dark, trap, dark trap, and they also just add playlists based on what you listened to as well.
The new ai dj
"Digging in the crates" at (second-hand) record stores.

Talking to the personnel at record stores : information goes back and forth. 

Not limiting my pallet to a narrow set of genres/artists. That means I often talk and listen to people with whom I may only have a small overlap in musical candy.

I also have a far better than average memory for music, so I'm often like "This sounds kinda like...". So nowadays that helps a lot when strolling through Spotify.

Now that I think about it : I don't have a "usual way" to find new songs, I'm constantly on the hunt.📡🔎💡🔍
Tiktok and youtube. I am always grateful to youtube for letting me discover Gregory and the Hawk
[Very nice comments in this similar post](https://www.reddit.com/r/spotify/comments/12vbarz/how_do_you_discover_new_music_share_your_methods/)
Spotify and Hype Machine. I am digging Cathleen Ireland. Great pop.
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0ADAfQQh69WzB2is0fkAGC?si=OnQFnyNATMmKoIJdpGxbBQ
I use things like Chosic and put a song or artist I like in it. Then it gives me a playlist and I go through the artists in that playlist and listen to their whole discography to find new songs I like. It definitely takes time so its nice for longterm use. 
i’m a sucker and pay for both apple and spotify. AM is good for live DJ sets and radio shows. Spotify has all my playlists
www.sputnikmusic.com
Discover weekly. Friends. When a playlist finishes & starts it's own mix based on said playlist. The Colorado sound is local non profit radio station here that is amazing
Spotify radio, discover weekly, last.fm recommendations, look through songs of artists I used to listen to
I create a list of 10-20 songs I love. It the make suggestions based on that. + weekly playlist suggested.

I skip fast through songs that I dont like and keep going until I find something I vibe to, and put that into a top 23(year) playlist. 

Then just continue listening to new based off that playlist and weekly suggestions
Fortunately got a 23 year old kid and he likes metal and recommends me stuff occasionally.


22 year old daughter occasionally recommends me non metal-mostly pop/folk/etc
Discover weekly used to be my jam, and still is to an extent but at the start of 2023 I made a plea to listen to at least one new mixtape/album/ep every week. Not necessarily new to 2023, but had to be new to me. I’ve probably added 100, maybe, 200 new songs to my liked songs that way.
Spotify radio of an artist you love!
Start song radio, or just jump to an album of an interesting song and listen through it if you find more music you like, then click artist and it will recommend similar artists or other artists on the same track, also community playlists, you can also pick from hundreds of playlists depending on genre, there is tons of music, essentially just use the actual apps features that your paying for.
suggested songs and playlists about things im interested in like ‘playing minecraft survival’ ‘grinding levels in splatoon’ ‘romantic scenarios’ ‘daydreaming’ ‘songs that have the same vibe as [song name]’
People love posting music to Reddit, so I love surfing the subs of genres of music I like to find new artists
Tempso
Mostly just shuffle through user created playlists. Also going to live shows of local bands that I haven't heard of before. It is such a great experience and reveals lots of new awesome music.
I use reddit, bandcamp, and youtube
🤔

Half of the time it's what Spotify recommends (discover weekly, song radios and stuff) but the other half is YouTube recommendations, similar artists, featured artists, edits from shows and movies and friends.
Video game radio stations

89.0 GenX baybeeee
Discover. Today, I feeling brave and daring. I pulled up some Jimi Hendrix in hopes of spotify showing me similar music to Hendrix. So blues showed up and found The Cold Stare
The mixes and song radios
Friends, family, subreddits for genres I enjoy, and YouTube recommendations
https://discoverquickly.com


You search a song, hover over it and it’ll give you a ton of other songs like it.


Thank me later
Youtube
[discoverquickly.com](https://discoverquickly.com) is amazing. great interface, easy to find tons of new music based on artists or songs in your library (uses spotify api). i find it soooo much better than the spotify radio function which can be very repetitive. happy hunting!
Spotify mood playlists. Daily mix and blends with friends.
honestly I just stick to a few artists that I love but I’ll discover new music if one of the artists i like collabs with another one and then I’ll listen to them
Pick an artist I like, find out what label they are signed with and check that label’s roster, usually find some lesser known artists with bangers that way
Everywhere. Become a collector, grab songs wherever you hear them and dump them into playlists.

At the grocery store, in a bar, on social media.
Weekly recommend playlists, spotify genre playlists, serching playlists for shows, movies, characters, searching by keywords, etc.
Random Shazams in restaurants.
Personally, I go to parties & fall in love with a chick. Then as we get to know each other & make a playlist together. Eventually I imprint my affections onto the songs. At the end of the day she leaves me & I'm left with songs that fill me with heart wrenching remorse which I then use to find songs about heartbreak which I can now go to for emotional affirmation. Rinse & repeat.
[Music League](https://app.musicleague.com/home/)
Sometimes I make a playlist with just one or two songs I really like with the same genre and go through the suggested songs below. Works every time.
discover weekly or from the suggested on my playlists.
There’s a guy in this group that made an app for this
Spotify suggestions...almost always

That, and jus get in and start digging in!
I definitely find new music on Spotify in all the same ways everyone here details. But my main go-to for emerging artists is KCRW.
I usually just look into other people’s playlist or any suggested songs, or just keep the music playing and Spotify will eventually put up “recommended songs you might like “ or something like that
similar artists tab on spotify, small artists curated playlists, follow bands i like on instagram seeing who they preform with.  that's my main tips. rate your music and lastfm also help.
Spotify "fans also like" or [Last.fm](https://Last.fm) "Similar To" 

I  work at an arena and I'll listen to artists that I don't recognize on the billing for upcoming shows, and bands they've played with on previous tours. 

I'll also use [spotalike.com](https://spotalike.com), and [tunebat.com](https://tunebat.com)
Spotify, Bandcamp, LastFM, Doom Charts
This. I’m at the point where most of my liked songs came from song/artist radios.
I go from song radio to song radio
im doing that but all im getting in the radio are the songs that are already in my library :(
Perhaps instead of weekly, you may wish to discover new music daily through [Discoverify](https://discoverifymusic.com/) and expand your library even more. This is a free tool for Spotify. Where you can independently set preferences such as acoustics, danceability, energy, popularity, your mood. Then it is also possible to base the playlist on artists/music tracks you have listened to in the past four weeks, six months or based on your entire listening history. I discover a lot of new music there every day.
It’s truly amazing how much better Spotify becomes once you start interacting with it. It is without a doubt my favorite premium subscription
Are you a psychopath? Cause I am too 🤝
can you pls recommend any music blogs or websites
Yes
Just found this. It's brilliant mann!
This is what I do as well but there is one flaw. Often times I'll make a playlist and the recommendations will mostly be different songs of the same artists in my playlist and it's like "Yeah i'm aware of those songs. I'm looking for new artists."

I wish you could tweak the algorithm so that it only recommends artists that are \*not\* already in your playlist.
[musiclips (song discovery for Spotify](https://apps.apple.com/app/id1669132017)
Same. I have whole playlists of new (to me) bands.
The algorithms know me a little too well 😅
honestly same, or ones I listened to already, but didn't like them enough to add them
That’s so fun! I’ll definitely have to try it- thank you for sharing!!
It costs money though
This is fantastic, thanks for sharing!
It’s only on iOS though I believe
You are very welcome! Enjoy the music (discovery).👍🏻
You are welcome!
