Seriously how do you guys find new music?
Title. I do wonder how people feel about the way spotify gives you new (and old) content to listen to
Comments:
Search user-created playlists (try genres or vibes you like, get creative) and pick through them for stuff you forgot about or have been meaning to check out. Add these select songs to a new playlist, etc. 

I like doing this because the algorithm tends to hit a dead end at some point & it’s fun to engage with the human factor - even if they are stretching the definition of some particular genre too far
I don’t. I just listen to the same ol shit. 😂
Use last.fm and follow their recommendations. It's so good and accurate.
Discovery weekly, new music Friday. Or I pick a popular artist and do a deep dive of all of their music. Most recently did Bjork, doing Prince now. I look at websites like pitchfork. Sometimes I’ll look up random playlists on Spotify and if I don’t know a song I’ll listen to it. I also have a playlist where I add songs that I will eventually listen to. Has over 85 hours of songs 🫣. Then once I listen to it I take it off if the playlist.
I enjoy daylist, there are always some really good songs in it.
I usually put on smart shuffle on my playlist and interestingly actually find new music.
This site will generate an album a day from a book called ‘1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die’. Of course it’s all subjective, but I was looking for new (to me at least) music and this has made me go out of my comfort zone and listen to stuff I normally wouldn’t seek out.

https://1001albumsgenerator.com
Here is where I go. I don’t use Spotify to find new music. 

[KEXP](https://youtube.com/@kexp?si=aV9VEc_WtNIzD6d0)
I look at similar artists to ones I really like. It's rare I find one that I do.
Check out more music from featured artists in songs you like. 

Start a radio not based off an artists, but by individual songs you like. 

Go through artists you enjoy but only know a song or 2 from and go through the rest of their discography. 

Go to the pages of artists I like already & look through similar artists’ discography.

New releases playlist. 

Discover weekly playlist.
Release Radar and Discover Weekly.
[albumoftheyear.org](http://albumoftheyear.org) usually.
Bandcamp.
Spotify makes this difficult because it selects the same artists and songs over and over in "Radio" mode. 

I've suggested this before, but there needs to be a toggle in settings for "more discovery" or "more repetition."
Lately, I have been browsing through Spotify categories. I like the Fresh Finds playlists.
I follow playlists from users with similar taste as me. I also look at playlists created by record labels or other music sources that have artists I like. 

I use Discover Weekly each Monday, and find new music there all the time. 

When I find a band I like, I look at the "Discovered On" section and the "Fans also like" section.

I personally don't get much use from Friday's Release Radar.

I also follow some music sites online.
KEXP
I use www.rvrb.one (music community with Spotify), Tracknack, lbl.fm and Bandcamp
Artist radio

Spotify DJ

Join Spotify subs and check out other playlists

Listen for songs at the bar, hair stylist, etc and use my phone to identify them
friends mostly, but spotify shuffle also, thats how i discovered some of my favourite artists like alvvays, pavement and etc
Subscribe to Pitchfork newsletters. I learn about so much good stuff I wouldn’t otherwise have discovered!
Sometimes release radar has some I like. I check out bands that come to a local venue too. 

I also like using everynoiseatonce
A combination of following musicians / music news / music content creators on social media, browsing websites like Album of the year and Rate Your Music, and word of mouth from friends.
I look for human curated playlists.
I honestly just talk to people
Artist/song radios, recommendations at the bottom of a playlist, autoplay of recommended songs, similar artists, discover weekly, other spotify themed playlists that are regularly updated
I start looing for random user-made playlists and check out the artists of songs I like. Users are waaay better at broadening my horizons than anything the app can generate for me. This week I found good artists from playlists called "forest gremlin vibes" and "songs to get human sacrificed to" lol
I've joined [Music League](https://app.musicleague.com). You contribute tracks for themed playlists with other users. Then vote on which tracks fit the theme best.  A theme like "Pacific Coast Highway" will result in songs from different genres that will work. There are many players with their own background. It's fun and addicting. No, I don't work for them.  It's free!
Maybe Instagram reels? Hahahahhahah
Recommendations, listen to popular artists of that kind of music and I ask reddit :)

Also, spotify added a new feature where you can scroll (like tiktok or something) in a type of music and get different songs from different artists. And if you like it, you can save it.
I like to click on the option "go to radio" based on a favorite artist to see what comes up, and you also can go to radio based on individual songs and then check out those songs & artists you're not familiar with. I almost always find new cool tunes this way.
DJ X is pretty good.
I cycle through a couple different things:

1. Discover weekly, I listen to it twice through, but I don't listen to it every week, sometimes it's bad

2. I make a blend with every person who's car I've been in, if I'm in the car with you we're making a blend & that's what we're listening to going wherever we're going, finding new music through friends is probably the best way

3. When I find a song I like, I listen to the song radio, then the artist radio

4. I explore everynoise.com when I'm in a rut 

5. I use dubolt.com to make playlists based on songs I like when nothing sounds good
Listen to album by band I like 

Let Spotify keep going after album 

Plays a lot of similar artists and songs 

Save song to playlist 

Listen to whole album that song is on 

Repeat .
If you are looking for new releases, [Fresh Sprouts](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/2QrgD5hm5VpSbS26ptRITq?si=OMijzK8MT0-2PW-LgorEBw&pi=ZeOwk3G8SbC0m) is the best curated list around.
College radio
[you probably need this playlist](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/3Fqzqw8cY6EH0trFykVV1v?si=VI9-l3KpTg2N_G-SQeowCw&pi=Iy9kaZlJQMGzC)
Besides KEXP and KNBA which is my local NPR station and plays indigenous artists, there's Radio Paradise new music. 

I will cruise users playlists sometimes. That's a good way to find stuff that's off your radar. 

I also will use AI now. I can query AI for musical influences of an artists I like and just keep going down the rabbit hole with what it gives me. From there I can just do a search for the artist and plug the albums into a playlist of new prospects for later listening.
Wait till you hear a song at a restaurant or in public that you like and Shazam it
Use SoundCloud.
Spotify “release radar”
I find artists I like, then go through their related artists section to find more artists.
Join a Reddit for a music genre you are interested in and you’ll naturally start seeing band names in your Reddit feed.
When I was using YouTube for listening to music, I also saw new bands in YouTube’s recommendations.
If you’re into Metal, then the recommendations section in the metal archives forum is very interesting. Useful for asking for stuff, but also interesting to just browse, because people often ask for some very unusual and highly specific stuff in there, and people still come up with things to recommend.
The ‘Radio’ playlist of artists you like is a great way to fall down a rabbit hole and find new music.
I am not using Spotify to discover new music. I have cpl of websites that I am using to track what's released on a daily bases across all genres. I am also using Last.fm a lot. Talking with my friends from the music community...
- Listen to other’s playlists
- Look into upcoming shows in your area and giving the artists a listen
- Last.Fm has always given me great recommendations 
- Needle is also a great app for finding and sharing songs
- Search a random word/name and listen to any songs/playlists/albums/artists that come up 
- Smart shuffle
- Talk to people about their music taste (Dating apps have basically become a source of new music lol)
Mostly Spotify and random YouTube deep dives. But nothing beats when a friend sends you a song that just clicks.
I used to go to music festivals. But that’s tricky at 42 now. I do find some gold just based on online comments and subreddits of genres I’m into
Personally, I don’t use Spotify like ever, but I take artists I currently listen to, find people they’ve collabed with, delve down the new artists discography, and continue the process
they need to bring back playlist radio
I find a lot of new good music via the Needle app! (it's like Instagram but for music haha)
last.fm - the related artists and the same of Spotify (not as good imo)

Tools like dubolt.com

Read subreddits

Review sites

Spotify weekly
Instagram reels. They are on point for me.
Look for artist you like with their own playlists and click on their private accounts. Look who is following the private account for people with similar playlistst. See how much is matching and start phising.. :) that's how I keep expanding my list: https://open.spotify.com/playlist/6RtcUCeZRciiC7sh8BJHZE?si=g7faZZeYR_ynp7nWDxj65A&pi=F4Vhk5zfQ-ayI
YouTube usually gives me suggestions based on what I'm already listening to.  Plus new songs by artists whose channel I subscribe to.  I've gotten into some great bands and artists I never heard before from this like Florrie, The Heavy Heavy, Jungle, and Dawes.
Discovery weekly on Monday and release radar on Friday
Discover Weekly (Refreshes Monday).

New Music Friday.

Turn on Smart Shuffle.
From other playlist, then put songs I heard into a listed to folder.  Hopefully I won't keep hearing the same songs on different album.
Spotify Pandora
I find new music by going onto youtube.  I have found many artists that are not known yet.  I go further if i like them and find them on Instagram.
Listen to music?
Oftentimes,in tv shows and movies,and movie trailers
Discover weekly. Looking at other people's list. New music friday. And DJ even throws in some new ones every so often
My kids. They both have eclectic tastes and know what I like. They often recommend new bands to me.
I listened to my favorite bands and bands that were affiliated with them. I also seek user-created genre playlists (these can be old however) but so far it has work wonders for me. However, I don’t really care for Release Radar unless it’s for artists I know very well. I can’t really get into the newer bands or newer artists they’re just not to my taste. Discover Weekly is good enough for me.
i search for "latest [genre] music/songs/albums 2025" on various platforms, and "list of popular/obscure music genres" on any search site.
AI DJ
Go on your favorite genres subreddit
Instagram gives me suggestions when I'm doomsvolling. 
Bandcamp is a gooood source too. ✌️
I’ll take a track that I know I already like, then scroll down to the section “Also appears on”. 

That will usually give a few comps and playlists that have that track as part of similar tracks - then I just explore those until I find another track I like, and repeat 🔁
Bandcamp


Stickers

Wfmu


Pandora
I will look through reddit threads with people's favorite/on repeat playlists, the I add all the songs to one giant playlist that I call "listen to this next". Then I remove all the songs that have a green icon (ones I already have saved). I end up with a huge playlist (300 hours+) that I can listen to while I'm working/driving. After listening to each song, I'll remove it from my "listen to this next" playlist and add the ones I like to my other playlists.

Sometimes When I find a song I like, I check out the song credits to see who the producer is, then Google them to see what other music they've made contributions to.

I'll also open the artist page, look at the "Artist Playlist" and "Fans Also Like" sections.
Discover Weekly. Most weeks I add between 5 and 10 songs to my liked list.
I use the Discover Weekly list (which truly has been serving me up killer new artists for months now) and I add the songs from that each week to a long playlist I keep called "New or New To Me." I'll also add songs to that list from various other playlists or search out tracks and artists I want to hear from more and add them to listen later. It's a neverending well of tunes, haha.
I follow lots of dedicated pages on instagram to new artists / genres of music. I use that vs Spotify’s recommendations.
https://mindie.beehiiv.com/subscribe?ref=qkQVHunXWf&_bhlid=bf7a73b936aab597b0df9777ef50b28c5a049d32

And mostly YouTube.
I had a friend who would send me lots of random songs pretty often, that was great as it really broadened my horizons... Occasionally my boss might send me one or two. Also the r/musicsuggestions is pretty good
Go through several "best of xxxx" at the of the year and make playlists out of the albums featured
I like New Music Friday and frequently seek out friends with different tastes for their playlists. 

Spotify is known for having a repetitive algorithm, but not for me! This usually keeps it fresh as I’m forcing new music down the throat of Spotify. 

I also use YT to discover tracks as their algo is pretty good too! If I find something there I’ll typically add it to Spotify.

I also listen to a lot of mashups and the groups associated are always posting and listening to new music so that’s a little bit of a “cheat” if you will
It’s simple really. You click on Spotify app then you click the search button and then scroll down to the Discover button and click that.
r/fantano
r/fantanoforever usually
Tik-Tok and Instagram reels mostly
Playlists playlists playlists… find an artist that clicks for you. Search playlist, repeat. It’s a goddamn rabbithole now. I’ve got colleagues asking me what the hell is Phonk.
Song radio aint bad. Also scroll to the bottom of an artist and find suggested artists related and then add their top 5 songs to the queue and if i like one I add that album to a playlist and go from there. If discover weekly servs me a banger than i listen to that whole album jus in case 
I go to a lot of song radios and just put it on shuffle
What genre?
I read books and magazines about music. Listen to good radio stations. Talk to people at record stores. Talk to friends. Talk about music on Reddit.
I just wait for sturgill Simpson to put out a new album. I'm hoping his next one is hip hop with accordion and banjo.
If you're a history nerd looking up music history of various genres and/or time periods. Can find a lot of classic and random musicians that way. Also another old way I used to was go to the local library and pick out a random CD (usually in the world music section) and give it a listen. Also r/musicrecommendations is a good source also
Mostly through my mum ngl
Release radar or go to a song’s radio
other user's playlists
Soundcloud playlists of music similar to what I like. Sometimes I search specific songs and listen thru like 50 remixes to find the gems.
If I find a feature artist or a DJ who remixed a song I like, I'll dig into their catalog. Or if I keep seeing a name pop up I usually end up checking them out.

I also regularly check the charting playlists and what's hot. Keep up with the youngans type idea. Rabbit hole yourself a bit. Get into the weeds. 
Youtube algo can offer some good recommendations based off what you dig, but I usually use Soundcloud. Also going to music podcast or music sharing channels like ExpertsOnlyRadio, BassNation, ElectricSheep, GoingQuantum, etc. They often have mixes and you can score some good gems in there. 

Cheers.
[HipHopDrops.com](https://hiphopdrops.com) for hip-hop music.

Disclosure: I made it.
Listen to new albums by artists I've never listened to
Our subreddit has about 11000 fans and  we share/track a genre of music r/calireggae
YouTube and TikTok 🤭
I type in random words and play a random playlist and surprisingly there is always something that I llove
I do it through 3 ways. 
1 - Using Spotify’s recommended songs after playing a song or looking at similar artists
2 - Looking up “(songs/artists) similar to whoever” & reading on Reddit & other forums
3 - Looking at RYM for a song/album in something you want more of (or similar to) & sorting the top stuff for whatever mix of genre/subgenres - this works the best for me

Using Last.FM can be good, but I feel like there’s just TOO much without any feedback on what the artists are actually like.

Also just asking someone you know lol. I’ve been trying to get into rock/metal & a friend is rlly into those genre so it helps a lot.
Not thru Spotify ever.. local college/AAA radio stations, WXPN Philly, or Tidal
Videogames
I dig for my own for the most part. But then I am kinda old so I already know a lot of music. That being said my taste in music has evolved quit a bit since joining Spotify. How can it not. There is so much music in the world. You just have to find it. They do throw a lot at you. Some of it i will pick a couple of songs and throw them on my like list. When I get a chance I go through them to see if they are good. If I like them, I will usually scroll down to see the you may also like bands and so it goes. On and on and on and on...... But like I said I was born in the early sixties so I grew with some incredible music as a kid. Got to see some good ones but also missed out on some good ones.
Discovery weekly usually gives me a couple. Otherwise TV shows at this point that introduce me to new artists. 
Easily the best way is to look up playlists other ppl made of the type of thing ur into
Instead of smart shuffle, get to the end of a playlist or album (on not repeat mode) and it will play recommended songs. I find that better than smart shuffle or Spotify playlists
Bandcamp
Let me save you some time.  I have owned and listened to over 10,000 albums.  Lee Morgan - Tom Cat.  It is a masterpiece not on every best of list because it was not released when recorded.  The drumming on track 3 borders on supernatural.
i usually go to my daylist or the reccomendations spotify gives me and try some of it out
Certainly not on Spotify. YouTube is better than that.
spend hours on Spotify, YouTube, instagram etc. to find small artists in he niche genres I love. Always checking out the daily playlists and always looking at the recommended artists under other favorite artists.
I use RYM and browse Pitchfork reviews.
Anytime I find new stuff unlike I select "song radio"  for that track. It's led me to a bunch of good stuff. 
Also, second user generated playlists
Depends on the week lol
When I hear a new song I like, I generate a radio from it. When I hear one I like there, I check out the album.
I usually go to the radio of a song i really like and they’re pretty decent and giving me similar songs- when i was younger and my music taste was more cohesive i liked my discover weekly a lot but now my discover weekly is a mess so i don’t typically go to that anymore
Daylist or [insert decade here]s [‘genre’ or ‘greatest hits’]. And checking in occasionally whatever Jon Pareles of NYT or The Wire blurbs about.
New Music Friday and Release Radar. I got through 100 songs or so and maybe like 2 or 3
I have a new music playlist that will always be updated with 100 new songs every week, from various genres of music and various languages too: 
https://open.spotify.com/playlist/0D9roUsCqAarIB7JcIF2iS?si=jaYvYUTiQd6r3KUEnrLyNA&pi=qEfhyX6VQ3mZo
I often hear a song on a TV show or movie I'm watching that I like, and then I do my research.
Instagram, radio, TV, I shazam it and then add to my playlists
I use discover weekly playlist. Has a lot of misses but it does find new stuff for me. Smart shuffle (and regular shuffle) on Spotify is straight ass.
Listen to artists I like and the recommend artists for the artists I like

Listen to Spotify discover playlists or use smart shuffle 

Find recommendations on YouTube feed

Recommended songs from the Spotify or EDM reddit

Recommended songs from communitys in in like the Braken Or Light New Fires music communitys
Sometimes I just search random words and listen to songs or artists that come up
I usually go to similar artists on my favorite artists and keep following the artist tree as far as itll take me
Stream BBC 6
Discover weekly has had some hidden gems.   It’s actually one of the main reasons I still pay for Spotify is their recommendation engine is second to none.
YouTube random recommended and then down the rabbit hole I go.
Spotify Radio, Random Shuffle, Public Spotify Playlists
youtube (manmade playlists or like the recommended music after finishing a song) or spotify (like a genre that you typically don’t listen to)
Everywhere no joke. On Instagram reels and tik toks I’ll save the video so I can go listen to the song later if it caught my attention. When I’m listening to an artist I know I love I go to similar artist on Spotify and just keep doing that until I find someone new and I like. Every Friday listen to the new releases. Search playlist based on mood or movie characters. Pinterest and Reddit also always have great new suggestions.
Spotify, YouTube, TikTok, Reddit, better question how do you not find new music, artists, genres?
New new music? Or new to YOU music? I discover old music that's new to me ALL THE TIME, which is pretty awesome. Mostly I follow rabbit holes via Discogs.
I just discovered 1001 Albums/One Album a Day  and it's been quite interesting. It just generates a new album from a list of greats and you get to hear something different every day. You can even filter it to only specific genres, but I left mine open to absolutely everything so I've literally been hearing a little bit of everything lol and sure there have been some misses but also some hits that are now in my casual rotation. I recommend!
I listen to interviews from artists that I already like because most of the time they ask the artist in question about their own personal music taste and who inspires them in music. I find that if I like a specific singer/band I usually have the same music taste as them. I’ve found some pretty good singers/bands this way.
When I pick a favorite artist or band for example The Beatles, I choose the option 'Go to band'  once there I choose the option to listen to Beatles Radio, for simaliar music.
Now I’m really starting to miss Slacker Radio circa 2009ish. 

Sometimes Discover Weekly is awesome and other times I’m like: Spotify, do you even KNOW me??
Radios. I listen to a lot of EDM music. I go on SoundCloud and listen to sets by HOR Berlin, Monasterio Chamber, Synoid podcast, and BCCO. I then get track IDs from these sets and add them to my collection. I also use Spotify radios from time to time.
Discover weekly is great if you only listen to music that you love.  If you're playing other people's stuff, good luck.
CKUA radio here in Canada. Our oldest radio station
I’ve been using Spotify Radio based on the songs I’m into right now!
Usually I find them when I go a concert and there are openers I've never heard of.
Search: [Insert City Name here] [insert genre name here]

Have found some good stuff this way. I do a lot of "related artist" rabbit holes as well
I put an indie playlist on Spotify. When I like a song or the type of music in the song I'll go to the artist and listen to what they have for a while. Good goes in my library. Then I go back to where I was in the indie playlist.
I don't i like listening to music in Spanish but I've listened to all the good songs at this point. 3/4 of them have terrible melodies and/or just talk about sex
Sometimes I'll just google "What were the best songs of 2024" or something like that.  Usually gives a lot of lists, lots of good selections, but you have to do a lot of digging.

Honesty, trying to find good new music is tough, but don't give up, there are diamonds out there, I promise you.
I search playlists on Pinterest
I put a playlist on and let it go from there. It's been playing off playlist recommendations for the last week now and I've found some dope tracks.
BBC Radio 6 Music
Daylist
Fuegostine on ig if you’re into indie/folk recs
Usually by following rabbit holes. Find an artist I like and track down all the members and find all their projects.
I'm being serious. I just go through mixes and stuff, and i find music. I don't know how it also helps if you know what genres you like and even better if you enjoy quite a variety

This is my playlist
https://open.spotify.com/playlist/0SxVeRqdqSQfWQ6mKGoght?si=6eJW2Hc5T7uMxdJkRY5Gqw

There is a collaborator, but he has only added 7 songs all for jokes
Make stations off of particular songs I like.
i just go down similars rabbit hole
I enjoy finding music curators who love music. Even if sometimes I only rarely hit on something I really like (I often listen through plenty I don't like), they push my boundaries to hear new stuff I wouldn't have otherwise. NPR Music has an awesome selection of podcasts/publications. Every year, I think it's All Songs Considered does like a top 100 of the year list that I enjoy listening through - I like to queue up some lists like that, and usually find a couple-few new artists I hadn't known before, follow some rabbit trails to their other music, albums, etc.

My local MPR (Minnesota Public Radio) station has a sister music station called The Current - it's local here on 89.3 KCMP but has a livestream to anywhere. I've never come across a radio station with depth or breadth like this. I can't recommend it enough - has been a source for enjoyment on the radio and a huge part of my new music exploration over the 15+ years I've lived here. It's a local treasure that I hope can continue on for a long time - and with streaming, hopefully lots more folks anywhere/everywhere can enjoy it too! [https://www.thecurrent.org/about](https://www.thecurrent.org/about)

\*\*\*\*

FWIW, if you're a collector or might otherwise benefit from a system... to keep my music collection growing and fresh, I use podcasts like the aforementioned, and Spotify or whatever free streaming services to explore new music. I keep a series of Spotify playlists that winnow down candidates to buy and own as mp3 or vinyl + digital purchases.

My sequence of playlist winnowing is as follows:  
(I use Spotify free for this)

1. Each year I make a "New Listen \[insert year here\]" playlist - regardless of when the song/album came out, this is the year it was new to me and goes on the list (not necessarily that I hadn't heard of it, just new to my intentional listening playlist - tons of great older songs/albums out there I just never gave a good listen to yet). I queue this up occasionally, maybe up to half of the time sometimes when I particularly want to bounce around with some new tunes.
2. Liked Songs (just the built-in like button playlist - used to save particular songs/albums I run across and like, either on first listen or pulled from the New Listen playlist. This goes on pretty often, when I want to hear a more core rotation of songs I've specifically liked over the years, or I'll add the albums that graduate here when I want to listen through them a little more frequently to assess for purchase)
3. Buy It (usually pulled from Liked Songs once I've heard enough to know it wasn't just a short-term like, and/or I've listened through the album enough to know I want to buy the whole album, or buy it on vinyl (+digital) if it's a good listen-through candidate and something I'd enjoy in that format) This is more of a placeholder/shopping list for music. I'll sometimes queue it up to listen to songs until I have the budget/decide to follow through on buying it. But most of what's here I own and moves over to my mp3 collection where I can listen to anything any time, so no reason to listen to it on Spotify any more.

I use Plex to house/organize my digital collection, can stream from home server to my phone or home networked system, and I pretty much just usually download most of my songs/playlists to my phone for local listening access with no streaming needed. Can also 'loan' access to my songs to friends/fam on Plex, or just share files to loan (and encourage friends to buy from the artist if they like it), or pass on my music collection to my kids when I tip over;;)
I listen to human powered radio. Stuff like KEXP, KCRW, SomaFm and WEQX. If I like it I add it to my Spotify lists.
Sometimes I make playlists with 3-4 songs in a style I want to hear, and I'll get some good suggestions to continue on it.
From websites, social media, release calendars, Wikipedia, last FM, billboard, browse around.

I listen to Spotify playlists as a last resort
Read blogs, website reviews on Album of the year, pitchfork and bringing Brooklyn vegan.
one way is that I find things I like, then find out the record label and do some digging into what else they've put out using sites like discogs. finding some of it on spotify is sometimes possible, so i'll add it to playlists there and have the algorithm help a bit as well.
fresh finds playlists on spotify are sick!! different genres too
Rateyourmusic and its not even close. Both for the charts, the similar users, and user lists.

It's leagues beyond anything else in this thread for me, in terms of quality.
i let the algorithm decide. 
Release radar, shorts/reels, magic shuffle, friends playlists, blends. There are many cool ways!!
My discovery weekly is normally pretty good.

I also have Music League with a weekly release radar submission league
My work blocks spotify so I listen to YT music at work & it suggests amazing things for me. ive discovered so much AND it is free : )
one way is i like to type random words i’m feeling into the search bar and hit playlists only. from there, i go into people’s playlists and see what their music taste is like and then listen or don’t listen to it. emoji’s also work in the search bar lol 

things like “late night party” , “indie girls” , “sad boy rock” , “gloryhole” , “pov” , “🍑”

people are creative with playlists and i enjoy finding them.
I intensely explore song radios, artist recommendations, random playlists from other countries, curated playlists on Spotify based on your tastes.. love the algorithm. I always stumble upon great music. You will also find playlists from music festivals
Since you're looking for new music, im gonna be a bit shameless here, lol. Just dropped an album titled ascending alt hip hop.The album encompasses how much I've grown as an artist and as a human being and how I continue to grow. How we all continue to grow and be the best versions of ourselves even though along the way things may get tough as long as we keep going, nothing can stop us. We still ascending to greatness.  If that sounds like something you're interested in and your searching for new music might be what your looking for.

https://open.spotify.com/album/0M5xWu8K52NfPbe2dzvzoW?si=Ra242eVgTmaT6dEAW53xsQ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/158u0TGuoEA5yQdDZKnI1w
Spotify recommendations and the good old radio while driving my car. If a song is cool, I ask Google to hear it and then I add it to my Spotify Playlist.
Sometimes I think of a random word and just type it in to see the different songs under that word. Then I go from there
I hear one song. I like it. I hear two songs, I think that sounds like that other singer... it turns out it is... and then I buy the album, listen, add it on spotify if I like it... buy the vinyl if I do like it enough... watch live if I love them.

Second album I buy straight away. 

Repeat the process.
I really like Swipefy. It's an app that recommends music based on your like songs or by a specific playlist of yours. It's got a fun dating app theme (swipe left or right to like or dislike a song). Everything stays synced between the apps whether you remove or add songs from Swipefy. They have a pretty good deal on their pro lifetime tier (50%). I forget what the price is with the discount but It's worth imo.
Spotify's algorithmic recommendations are helpful so long as they are not all you rely on. If you were to exclusively rely on them, they would become a closed system with diminishing results. So it's important to also look outside Spotify's algorithmic recommendations to recommendations by human beings. You could listen to Spotify playlists humans have made, you could investigate your favorite genres through subreddits, websites, or books, or you could talk to people and ask them about the music they listen to.
NTS radio, dublab radio, the lot, elevator music
I have this problem where I use Spotify for ambient music while working and because that’s a lot of time those are all the songs I’m recommended!
On Spotify, the new releases playlists for the genres I like are good. Off of Spotify, I listen to a lot of actual radio stations streaming on the internet.
New music Friday, smart shuffle off of lesser known songs, "similar artists", TikTok, and playlists.
I explore a genre based on a artist I’m interested in from that genre. I listened to Pearl Jam and then got into other grunge artists (Alice In Chains, Soundgarden). And because I liked that I decided to explore other artists who were around during the 90s and also listen to Korn, Blind Melon, Pantera, Beck, and many others.
I use YouTube music!
just search your favorite song's name and see playlists showing up
Letting a playlist finish & generate based off it
Here’s one for ya. https://open.spotify.com/playlist/3MeUzjOmd37vu3N1NfSZp7?si=vBipOMPDQtOr9hHsBKCifA&pi=gMuGaAN8RGKZ3
Step 1: switch to a different, less evil platform.
Before Spotify, I would just go to SXSW. Now, I go to Spotify's SXSW playlist. I skip all of the songs that I didn't like and like the ones that I do.
college radio when not listening to spotify. 8tracks also really shaped my music taste in my formative years and helps me find new stuff too. it's cool bc you can search via "tags" for playlists so you can look for "depressed" + "punk" or even something more specific related to a tv show character or feeling you have.
I search playlists based on the genre I like and if I like one of the songs, i look more into their discograohy
My partner is a music nerd and well known on RYM & AOTY so him
amongst other ways i look at the line-ups for festivals in the genres i'm in to, particularly smaller festivals, and then either google the bands name for their music or search on spotify and bandcamp.

  
made quite few interesting discoveries this way.
YouTube :) and so the search continues :D
I follow the artists I like, but ultimately, r/lastfm helps a bunch.
idek I just explore. for example if I like a song, I'll sometimes check out the album, artist, and related bands etc, and a lot of nostalgic songs from childhood
You've got to be kidding.
No thanks.
Find a song you like and create a radio playlist for that song. Listen to no more than 10 songs on that list, find one you like, add it to a playlist and then create a radio list for that song, keep repeating this process. As you do it, sooner or later, you'll drop into a completely different genre, keep repeating this process and see where it ends up taking you... usually a fairly eclectic playlist with each song connected somehow to the one before it and the one after it.
Lastfm similar artists page of an artist you already like.
/r/SpotifyPlaylists
I use Shazam if I hear something I like that I recognize and don’t remember the song title. Watching reels if anyone adds nice music to them, and well I’m almost 40, so I listen to a lot of music. Its my therapy
Spotify playlists and supporting acts on tours of artists I like or artists at a festival I like.
my spotify recommendations are pretty good tbh, but i am also an album listener and not difficult to please. if i'm really in a rut i will ask friends for recommendations, use [everynoise](https://everynoise.com), or last.fm to find stuff similar to what i like
Metal archives, mispelling a song
Use discovery weekly playlist and new release playlist
Check out Billboard, NME, and rate your music websites.
Search new artists and new releases on YouTube.
Add new artists and releases to a new music playlist on YouTube or Spotify.
What I do is go into artists profiles of people I like and then just scroll through the “people also listen to” section. I’ve found so many underground gems in the past few months just from it
Pick a band and use their radio.
@boeryder all you need to
the "fans also like" page for an artist. basically how I found almost all my music, as well as finding frequent collaborators of artists you really like.
RateYourMusic in general but recently I’ve been using Discogs for finding Dance bangers that I usually don’t see on RateYourMusic
The autoplay function on streaming mostly. Thats how I found out about the Psychedelic Porn Crumpets, and I am not mad at all about being manipulated by the algorithm
Go to your picture and hit what's new
If some of you guys aren't aware of excluding playlists from your flavor profile, you should. it makes a big difference and I don't really deal with the whole "echo chamber" problem.

I personally exclude my main playlist and my discover weekly. This way, Discover Weekly is basically always recommending you new music, and you still have your other playlists you can keep in your flavor profile that suit whatever vibe you're looking for and Discovery will pepper in a little bit of familiarity, assuming you don't listen to those playlists too often.
find musicians that your favorite musicians were inspired by or worked with. thats the best way to do it imo.
I curated my tiktok FYP to show me local indie bands [that I can add to my 10k monthly listeners or less playlist ](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1PALZfvlKztMNe9ppUGJzJ?si=sl6RvoloQt2ziR8rFJz9MA&pi=37qAHk3DQFK_-)
Soundtracks/OSTs from the shows I watch!!!
KEXP.ORG. local independent radio station in Seattle.   They play a lot of new stuff. Deep tracks of older popular bands and even the well known stuff we all know. It's how I learned about so many alternative bands.
Prior to XM and Shazam, I would listen to college radio and keep a small notepad in the car to write down bands and songs. I would hound record stores and their $1 cd bins. Today, it’s much easier: listen to the speciality programming on XM such as those on XMU and First Wave. Together they will take you deep into genres that you’ve never heard before. Spotify and Apple Music offer curated playlists that remind me of record stores and their eclectic playlists. Good luck!
Mostly from other platforms. Also listening to radio stations and using Shazam to find out the song names.
Sometimes I will take a word like lake and search it and listen to the songs. Also I will find a playlist I like and pick a another user who follows it and listen to their music. I have Sirius radio so will listen to that and hear new music.  Also new music Friday
I listen to the national radio here in Denmark P3.
They have some really good music programmes for the listeners. 
Then when I hear a good piece of music, I usually use Shazam and then go to Spotify and download it to one of my playlists.
Have been doing it like this for 10-12 years.
Works perfectly for me.
Find an artist I like on Spotify. Do radio for similar artists and see what comes up
I follow a pretty good newsletter with awesome music.

https://mindie.beehiiv.com/subscribe?ref=qkQVHunXWf
Commenting to follow
Release radar usually throws up some good stuff.

The genre playlists are all usually pretty good.

I also scan through new releases on rate my music and see what grabs my attention.

Playlists from festival line ups that I know some acts of are a great, human curated, resource.
Like a song, listen to the album. Gives me more than enough
I discover new music listening to live radio...
Yes... I listen to HardBase.FM

I also check the artists social media platforms too. Great way to find new tracks, either that be one today or from a few years ago
https://open.spotify.com/track/4vseRpfgjhb5IroYC1Gq1v?si=YTCpywxPRDO6UT2xM0gJFA
Look at http://anydecentmusic.com
I do not actively look for it. I am fond of watching sitcoms. I came to know about backstreet boys from brooklyn99 and nsync, bon jovi references from the big bang theory. Hope it helps.
It’s literally so easy. Find a band you like on Spotify, scroll down to where you “fans also like” and check out those bands, do the same for those.
My 14 y/o daughter
I look up an artist that made a song I like,then listen to their entire discography, usually can find a bunch of good stuff
Most commonly probably from Spotify suggestions/enhanced Playlist. Occasionally I do still listen to the radio in my car and once in a while I hear a song there that I like that I have heard before. Social media or other media ( like music in movies or shows). And sometimes just from people I know.
TikTok mostly
Most music I discovered in Spotify is through the radio ( keep playing ) functions after a playlist ends !!!
Watching movies, attending local shows wherever I go, YouTube, social media, RECORD STORES (!!!!!!), and then, the algorithm is a nice bonus for me. I kinda prefer the Apple Music one, because it revolves around what you listen to, not what’s trendy on Tik Tok that particular week.
KEXP
Wikipedia, acclaimed music, pitchfork
I am positive you would not have heard anything similar. [Free therapy session](https://open.spotify.com/track/0O8oDDJcIbP9TjoRQ6tdtF?si=6695f6d2e7084df2), would love to hear your opinion on this.
Shows, so much of the time. I’ll like a song and then go and explore their catalog
I create radio stations from songs that I really really, then i find more songs that way. And if there are any particular artists that stand out to me from doing this I’ll delve into their discography further
I really like Stillwater.
I visit the pages of artists who make songs I like, see if they're in any collabs or compilations or what similar artists Spotify recommends. Quite a few songs I listen to come from compilation albums, so I can find new artists.
Bandcamp
I create it with AI. South Florida hadn't had a decent rock station in decades.
I just listen to the old stuff.
Apple discovery playlist.
music_map - try it and thank me later
Featuring artists with artists I like or the yutes
The artist i like, go to the (artist) radio Playlist on their profile, then if I find something I like, I go to that artist's radio Playlist, and so on.
A lot of searching and playing around with different apps. Find the right people to follow on YouTube, Spotify, Reddit, etc. who post their favorite new songs. Use discover on Spotify and check your discover weekly and release radar playlists. Use Spotify radio and/or search for Spotify playlists for genres that you like. Google or look up artists and songs similar to the ones you love. Ask friends for recommendations. The hardest part with finding new music is that 90% of what you try you will not like, but then you’ll find those handful of songs or bands that just speak to you.
Well Spotify and their master music editors create playlists. The music editors know far more about the music you like than you do. They are above reproach
I scroll spotify reccomended on my song.
so much of my music taste has shaped from engaging with other media. I'll hear a song in a show or movie that I really like and listen to it and then maybe check out that artist's other music. I'll read books (or fanfiction, please no judgements) and they will mention a song or artist. Or people have made companion playlists for books. And then just following artists I already like on socials and seeing what they listen to from shows they go to or even posting a song on their story. Music is all around you, just listen for it.

I've also discovered a couple of my favorite artists from Spotify's New Music Friday so don't sleep on that either. Also, Edgar Wright (director) makes a playlist every year of his favorite songs from that year and I always discover something new I like on those.
I’ve done a couple of things like searching online outside of Spotify for groups that were early funk.

Then I pop those into a Spotify playlist and only play that for a day.  The next day, I’ll listen to suggestions from the Daily Mix if I like it and it fits it gets added.

I’ll also put two words together like Modern & Psychedelia (That gave me my favorite mix)
Artist radio plays some interesting suggestions from similar artists as well after the first few songs

User and Spotify playlists that you find linked to artist profiles

New stuff from artists who you follow

Stuff that friends listen to

Albums with different artists

By checking the unknown line up of a festival or a favourite band‘s support act (coming from other event platforms)

I think it still works quite well although there seem to be preferred songs somehow and from time to time the advertising can be quite annoying.
It replaces the old Yahoo music or Last. Fm quite well and we don‘t depend on local events, record shops, TV or radio stations like until the 1980s to have access to all kinds of new music, even as international and indie as it can get.
I just research into populor bands and albums in a genre that interests me and go from there. That's how I found out about most recently the "Gothenburg Trio" of Melodic Death Metal; In Flames, Dark Tranquility and At The Gates. I wanted to start dipping my toes unto the more extreme end of Metal starting with Melodic Death Metal, so I just done some research on the likes of YouTube, Google and Reddit on where to start with Melodeath and found out about the Gothenburg Trio. It's not hard. Most of the bands I listen to I have found through that way.
I know it’s not cool anymore (apparently), but Pandora is still the best for finding new music IMO. And depending on which genres you’re into—niche blogs are typically helpful. I also find tons of new music in playlists curated by the artists I follow on Spotify and from shows/movies I watch. Spotify’s Discover Weekly playlist that hits each Monday is another great tool. Hope this helps!
Radio stations. KKXT in Dallas and KEXP out of Seattle. Both are available to stream. The KEXP app is great because they keep an archive of their shows. I particularly like their Saturday morning reggae/dub show, Positive Vibrations. Both stations play just about every genre of music, old favorites, brand new stuff, and deep cuts.
The best thing to do is listen to am album you like (new or old,  regardless of genre) and once it's done, let the algorithm do its thing

I've found so much good music that way
My favorite way to discover new music is by reading high end Hi-Fi system reviews. The people that listen to music for a living always surprise me.
I like my Discover weekly, usually can find at least a couple new songs I like.  I find going to the radio for songs/artists/albums can help discover great music too.  I like the curated playlists occasionally.
YouTube music documentaries, Wikipedia band/genre/scene deep dives, recommendations from my brother and a friend with overlapping tastes.

Music app algorithms are goofy because musical genres, outside a few top40 dance genres, aren’t real. That is to say, unlike with narrative arts, like movies and books, music genres aren’t aesthetically or thematically constructed. Bands in genres are only associated by arbitrary factors, like location, fashion, and predicted market appeal, and are only vaguely/roughly audioaesthetically similar.

The algorithm is set up to frame bands/performers in the same genre as significantly *related*. While you can find music by randomly sampling bands within one, you’re not going to have a realistically better chance to like a band because they’re grouped into a particular genre (though you might be more likely to dislike a vaguely associated approach to music).

Additionally, the algorithm is set up to consider bands listened to together as significantly related. This might work if you’re nine and listen exclusively to top40 and meme songs, but not if you’re an adult with inclinations toward particular audioaesthetic experiences.

Corporate people in the music industry, at every level, have no idea how people who aren’t children engage with and appreciate music. Once radio became irrelevant and they lost control of release, exposure, and access, they lost all understanding of the market they created or the people who constitute it. They’ve never really understood it, which is why genres in music are like they are, but now they seem to invest a lot of effort trying to take back control, ignorance and goals both reflected in the algorithms.

I just engage with YouTube music documentaries and Wikipedia like they’re a buddy’s CD binder in high school. If I see or hear a snippet of something interesting, I’ll sample a couple tracks. I’ve found most of the music I’ve found during the last ten or so years that way.
videos/memes
[rateyourmusic.com](http://rateyourmusic.com) and Youtube to Spotify chrome extension.
Sorry but free Pandora, seed a radio station with 5 or 6 favorites turn on the new option and go to town.
I find the Release Radar playlist of a Friday is decent. 

Collates a lot of the bands you listen to already but shows new songs based on genre most of the time.

The "fans also like..." Section under the band you're listening to is also helpful. 

Found a ton of bands that way. 

I've also looked up upcoming shows and started discovering bands that way.
TikTok has helped me find lots of bands
Youtube rabbit holes
A little backwards research. I look up "who's playing" at the smaller venues in town in the next weekend or month. Then I stream them while I am working to see if I want to see them. Most of the time it's a "naw" but sometimes you find a new favorite band/show.
This always fascinated me as a bit of a music nerd. It is literally easier to find new music than anytime before. Lol. I have a huge physical collection and anytime I hear something about some intriguing artist I add there stuff to my catalog to check out. I kind of feel like people who ask these types of questions aren't really that into music.  What are your favorite bands OP?
Search, trial and error
I keep a list on my phone. When I hear something interesting I add to the list. 
On Mondays I go through the list. I find a lot of great music through television soundtracks.
I just talk to people. I like to hear what people like and what they dislike a lot. I start with a band I love  or that I'm digging and work from there. With a hundred years of modern music, there's always something new to me and not just new, period.
And feel like the music comes to me. If you actively search you won’t find good stuff
If there’s an artist I really like I’ll check out the record label and go through and check out all of the other artists on the label.
My son is the best source for new music. We have pretty similar taste so hes always saying have you heard this new track and won't stop bothering me until I listen 😆
following labels in the genres i like
I read music articles and magazines, like Mojo and The Quietus. I read interviews with some of my favourite bands/artists to find out what *their* favourite artists are, because odds are that if I like their music, I’m bound to enjoy the music that inspired it. 

This is a great rabbit hole to go down and you’re unlikely to ever run out of new albums to discover this way. For example, if you like The Cure, go find out Robert Smith’s top ten favourite songs. Enjoy David Bowie? Go learn what records he was listening to when he recorded his classics.
Tv show endings, random YouTube picks of bands from playing random songs of artists I already love
Go to shows and watch the openers! Also, back in the day there used to be these record labels you could just trust. I would buy tickets to any Drive Thru Records show even if I didn't know the bands.
Learn another language lol
Listen to college radio stations
Bandcamp Daily.
Bandcamp. Follow genre tags and check your following feed daily. Look at rym as well.
Sirius Xm
Spotify is terrible 
Not gonna lie, the DJ worked for a while surprisingly. Now it just plays the same old stuff but it did actually introduce me to some really good songs and artists. For instance, and I'll, rightfully so, catch flack for saying this probably but I'd somehow never listened to or even heard of Walk off the Earth before until the DJ played something for me. Fast forward just 2 years or so and they're probably my most listened artist bar none. 


Edit: the DJ feature, not the garbage Smart Shuffle
I know people hate on it but Rate your music is a genuinely good site for branching out
If I like a song, I go to the artist and explore their other albums. It works for any song, any artist, and band, anything!
I usually put one song I like and then listen to the next songs in the random playlist, I give it a chance to some of them and try to discover new songs alike
If you like progressive rock, alternative rock with some metal influences, my band Perception Delta just released our first single "Haunt You". 
Our debut single Haunt You is a narrative-driven progressive rock record. A tale of deception and recovery, it starts in a place of soft hurt, and climbs in intensity to catharsis with a pounding breakdown. The message is clear from the final chorus: "Go ahead and haunt me, I will haunt you too".

You can find the Spotify link below:
https://open.spotify.com/track/0cFXkAoipuvVWx194jvBMt?si=e7ba75f138db4888

Would really appreciate it if y'all could give it a listen
Make a playlist of songs you like

Below it there's like 10 similar songs you can refresh and after adding one, another appears in its place.

That or just let ur last song end, it auto plays something else, sometimes something you already liked or added, other times something you didn't like or added yet.

Aside that discover weekly
im kinda in opposite situation I have music and cant find listeners. On most platforms they are doom scrolling and no mater how good a song is, usually a 1-2 second piece isnt gonna be enought to grab attention
https://on.soundcloud.com/TTV5YMNbNJOb6qqKX3
My brother pokes his head round my door and asks if I've heard whatever new song.
https://youtu.be/D5a1E-sTBy4?si=1zjogr62ohE1oL1r
Ive honestly been using chatgpt … telling it what artists or songs im into and why and it gives tons of good stuff
Chat gpt
On here in the Spotify SubReddit a lot of the time. Lol

Here’s my Eclectic Mix for the Car
241+ hours of discovery ❤️


https://open.spotify.com/playlist/41He259DzyLRKm1vzKlV61?si=P9To0auyTY6R8OjCEVf_yg&pi=8OCFHzOITo6j0
I was recently trying to add some random eclectic pop songs to a playlist and took a shot in the dark and searched “grocery store bangers” and was delighted to find several users’ versions of that idea & “The Sign” by Ace of Base, which is exactly the kind of song I was looking for.
Checkout https://playlost.fm if you’re into user created playlists. It’ll match you to other playlists by shared songs, artists and genres.
Spotify’s algorithm is garbage, and there’s reasons for that.  The music streaming service that begins with a “T” absolutely crushes Spotify when it comes to Discovery and algo’s.
Same 🤣 very rarely will something new catch my interest.  It other than that same stuff I’ve listed to since the early 90’s.
It ain't a rut, it's a groove
Also check out [RVRB](https://app.rvrb.one/channels)
Where do you go on the app?
Discover Weekly is such a hit or miss for me, but I listen every week. I’ll either tap out after the first few songs, or I’m adding the entire thing to my playlist
Would you do a deep dive into my music if you enjoy doing that?… would love you know what you think of the music over the last 2 years since I’ve been taking it seriously and giving it everything… 

 https://open.spotify.com/artist/5tOtqDwpHljDsBGKASlPk2?si=5YnS-kl3TO-OjLN92dCaFA
I feel like that works once and then you're just in an echo chamber of the same songs and it's 7 years later and you wonder what you missed out on
This works well
This is what I do too!
Second kexp. Whatever they pay their sound engineers is not enough, every live session sounds incredible.
Came here specifically to mention KEXP. Kudos.
Nice thx, new for me
Great stuff. Thanks!
This and Audiotree.
Yep.  I've been an Amplifier since 2005!
KEXP is the best. The amount of artists Jon Richards, Greg Vandy, Cheryl Waters, and Don Slack have introduced me to is insane. I cannot imagine my life without it. I grew up in the Seattle area listening to it on 90.3 and have kept streaming wherever I move to.
Make playlists of different genres/vibes you’re looking for and then look at the recommended songs at the bottom of the playlist.
Right. Playlists are cool but there's so much joy and fulfillment in finding an album you absolutely love
The radio used to be good for me until they started doing the “made for you” bs and put songs we already put in our playlists.
I believe it's coming? Remember seeing some people already testing the feature?
Or just anything that you like. It will respond most of the time. I like Derek Trucks. One day this band jumps at me out of nowhere called Frogwings. Never heard of them. Turns out it was super group jam band from back in the mid  '90's. Side band of Butch Trucks. The drummer from the Allman brothers. Also the uncle of Derek Trucks. Killer band for sure. If you like that kind of music.
Give it a nudge in a certain off the wall direction. Not anything similar to the radio. Radio no offense is terrible. If you like progressive jazz type rock stuff. Like something that evolved from the depths of say Jeff Beck or something similar. Look up some Breathwork, Charlie Hunter with Sam Freibush. Jaden Leahman reflections. Medeski Scofield Martin & Wood. You won't find them on the radio for sure. Hell good ol Jeff Beck wired or Blow by Blow. Saw Jeff Beck when I was 16 at the Fox Theater in Atlanta. 1977....
I never get playlisted well by editorials like fresh finds! It’s so tricky getting on there these days …would love to know what you think of my music though…

 https://open.spotify.com/artist/5tOtqDwpHljDsBGKASlPk2?si=5YnS-kl3TO-OjLN92dCaFA
I love KEXP so much. Also, KKXT in Dallas. I live in the Dallas area so I can just listen on the radio.
🤟🏻
Sharing music with friends is such a wonderful way to bond and also learn about new music.
This, for sure.  If you're completely open to checking out stuff unlike what you normally listen to.  This will also trigger algorithms to start suggesting all kinds of stuff.
Yesss I discovered so many nice songs/playlists that I really like just from browsing
I mean, yes?
A true new music finder… all these methods are key…. would love you to check out some tracks by me and see what you think! 

https://open.spotify.com/artist/5tOtqDwpHljDsBGKASlPk2?si=5YnS-kl3TO-OjLN92dCaFA
would you possibly look at one of my tracks for consideration…. love to connect with curators 

https://open.spotify.com/artist/5tOtqDwpHljDsBGKASlPk2?si=5YnS-kl3TO-OjLN92dCaFA
love kexp! I usually know 90% of the artists that come on, but the few I don’t are typically always great.
obsessed with your list of methods! truly these are some of the best ways… would love it if you took a look at one of my songs

https://open.spotify.com/track/4axwc1QrcpmFKzFGfKjuAb?si=WED20whVTYOZ9YQ-Al0AfQ
dating apps is wild too but i love ittt
Ikrrr!!
Omg never heard of this!! Sounds cool though! Are there lots of people on it?
so tough to make it to new music Friday… can I pitch to you here? …

https://open.spotify.com/track/4axwc1QrcpmFKzFGfKjuAb?si=WED20whVTYOZ9YQ-Al0AfQ
Might not make it to new music Friday.. but can I recommend you my new music now? Would love to know what you think as a new music lover 

https://open.spotify.com/track/4axwc1QrcpmFKzFGfKjuAb?si=WED20whVTYOZ9YQ-Al0AfQ
Ooo can I be part of your huge playlist… the way I need one of these for myself haha … here’s my track 

https://open.spotify.com/track/4axwc1QrcpmFKzFGfKjuAb?si=WED20whVTYOZ9YQ-Al0AfQ
Something else I do is when I go to a show I listen it the intermission music. If I hear something I like I hit Google and try to get it to pickup on the song. Usually works. Found a band called Toubab Krewe at a Wood Bros show. Got a couple of their songs that way.
Another thing you can do is start a playlist with a few songs. Then down below there is a short list of songs sorta similar. Listen and if you like it. Put it on your playlist.
Also, I like going to [Music Map](https://www.music-map.com/) and picking an artist I’ve been into recently and it maps out a bunch of other similar artists. The further away on the map, the more you’re moving towards a different sound than the artist you searched. Kinda neat.
How do you change this in Spotify?
Soundtrack person here too. Love them. They
Room for one more? Here’s my song …

https://open.spotify.com/track/4axwc1QrcpmFKzFGfKjuAb?si=WED20whVTYOZ9YQ-Al0AfQ
Which service is that?
I’m an 80s kid. I like rock and heavy metal. The new stuff just doesn’t ring my bell.  I have found a couple of newish bands I like. Bad wolves is an example. I also like mammoth, wolf Van Halen’s band.
this doesn't work if you have a premium account and multiple users on your account
You can connect your account to Spotify and it will immediately scrobble any song you listen too. Just give it some time and you'll get awesome music recommendations
I've been using Roon mostly lately but decided to check out my Spotify discover weekly recently because it used to be great. First 2/5 songs I listened to were AI. I was so disappointed
Heck yeah. Glad to share. Tiny desk NPR good too but they’ve seem to have slowed down.
Go to the albums of songs you like and listen to the rest of the album.
i just found an amazing underground rap album using the shuffle on [AOTY.org](http://AOTY.org), 300 monthly listeners on spotify and he got like 10 albums, hidden gem fr.
Yeah, made for you is the same music that you already have for the most part.
Okay, I will give it a listen.
You have some really great tunes! I really like Drown the Sound and Wondering. Looking forward to your new music!
I’d say a decent amount! 👀 def enough people to help me refresh my new music!!!
On android mobile, my device, open the playlist you want to no longer influence your recommendations, tap the the three dots and scroll down your playlist settings and tap "Exclude from your taste profile".
It may get removed for saying it, but Tidal smashes Spotify in a lot of ways, but really depends on what your preferences are.  👍🏽
You need kglw
Nice! Do share the name if you're willing 😆
Oh thanks! I’ll check them out.
Kglw was a little too weird. 😂😂
Kemp Dupri & ILL-SUGI - CANARY
If you’re an 80s metal guy, I recommend either Infest the Rats Nest OR Petrodragonic Apocalypse
Thanks!! 😊
