Just moved back to Spotify - Incredible!
I left Spotify years ago to move to Apple Music, but this morning Apple Music's app issues and slow loading of streaming tracks made me cancel and switch back to Spotify. My parents were also probably the last people on earth that bought individual tracks, so I set up a family plan.

I was immediately impressed at all the new features, the AI DJ actually works quite well for me. I thought I'd moved most of my playlists over to AM back in the day but I apparently didn't, rediscovered tons of tracks.

Setup for my parents was pretty painless actually, kudos to Spotify's UI, despite all the features they actually self-taught themselves how to use it very quickly. My dad loves the AI DJ "Xavier even knows my name!". 

The social aspect is really what makes Spotify work I figured out in that setup with them, they were able to subscribe to other user's genre playlists, and some Spotify generated ones and get up and running immediately. From no playlists to listening almost immediately.

I'm hoping in time the AI can be spoken to, especially through Alexa, my mom tried a couple times and it clearly isn't something  that's available yet. I would say the AI's UI could be improved, I noted my mom not liking one of the st.patrick's day picks and I had to show her the button to make it restart. There should be ways to thumbs up and down songs from the AI.

Glad to be back on the platform!
Comments:
Yeah but have you tried the SHUFFLE? /s Yeah love em or hate em Spotify as a company ONLY does streaming and you can tell.
add Daylist to your playlists once you've been back for awhile. It auto creates a new playlist based on your listening habits throughout the day every 3 hours or so, love it
This is literally my situation as well! I used Apple Music the past 5 months and decided to check out Spotify.. the music discovery is incredible and honestly the sound is on par with Apple Music (I know Apple Music technically sounds better but I can’t tell the difference) Also the playlists are great! I honestly prefer algorithmic playlists that cater to me a bit more rather than human made playlists. An example would be maybe I want to check out another genre, Apple Music lists all of the favourites in the genre, which may not be easy to get into, however, it’s like Spotify knows me, it gives me songs that I would like and then slowly brings me deep into the genre. Switching to spotify has been the smartest decision I’ve made with music.
Haha that's funny considering so many people on this subreddit are rating about how bad it is and that they're gonna use something else
I would like to switch back to Spotify for the shared playlists feature. But I don’t want to lose lossless audio, and I don’t want to pay an extra premium for it when/if Spotify finally releases their hi-fi subscription option. 

I know a lot of people “can’t tell the difference”. But I certainly do.
THe fact I can control my computer Spot with any of my devices Spot is unparalleled, no one does that.
I wanted to quit Spotify family plan since it costs so much and I have Amazon. But Amazon wants me to pay extra for no ads. I stuck with Spotify. Family is happy I stuck with Spotify.  I really do enjoy it too.
I had this issue with Amazon and went back to spotify
I don’t understand what the benefits of Apple Music are at all.
Apple music/iTunes has been complete shit for 20+ yeara
Check this out [Fluhx - Salt and Sour](https://open.spotify.com/track/2PGW5SVUoPhnT6AB6Yu0pd?si=lNqD8sD5SvOblOZpGQN-ag)
I have had Spotify for years and have never had a problem with the shuffle
Shuffle works perfect for me. Especially in electronic, not so much on Metal.
I've found more new and interesting things through the Daylists than any other single option.   It was a great addition.
Will check that out, thanks!
Daylist is great. If I had a regular schedule I’m sure it sync better
I think it's easier said, then done. Once you realize what you loose when you switch away...
I can hear it a little bit, but I think in time I'll get over it. But you make a fair point.
Tidal is the way
Exactly I remember having to verify ownership of tracks I purchased and authorise different macs for them etc etc total waste of space. Spotify is just easy.
Me either lol but this sub seems has been talking about for years
That’s totally fair. I don’t mean it negatively when I say most people can’t tell a difference. It’s definitely subtle, but it’s enough for me to notice, especially when I listen on better audio equipment. I would definitely miss it if I went back now.

I kinda see it like watching TV. Pretty much everything is 4K now. Before 4K we had 1080 HD which everyone thought looked amazing. And yeah, 1080p is still pretty good. But once you get used to watching everything in 4K, 1080 kinda looks a bit shit.
More expensive and the user interface kinda sucks
Would be fine for me, went with something that was simple (relatively) and common for my folks. If they don't have my help they can either easily google or as someone else who knows the app.

Least resistance.
To each their own. To be fair I hated Apple Music’s interface when I first switched from Spotify, so it likely just takes getting used to.

Do you know if they have social shared playlists like Spotify does?
I think they just implemented something along those lines. I think it’s good to note that, in my case, my folks were going in with a blank canvas and the social playlists got them up and running almost instantly. Where I still had all my old playlists it wasn’t something that occurred to me that a new user has a decent amount of work ahead of them if it weren’t for the social/AI lists.
I mean I have a ton of playlists that I can just transfer over with SongShift. Already did that when I switched from Spotify to Apple Music, and mostly everything transferred without issue. 

I remember a while back when my buddy first introduced me to Tidal, it was very rap-centric and a lot of artists I listen to weren’t on there or didn’t have all their releases available. I’m not sure this is still the case, just did a brief search and found everyone I looked up with all their recent releases there, so maybe that would no longer be an issue for me. 

I did just stumble across this little TIDAL pros/cons list: https://www.reddit.com/r/TIdaL/s/zu6YqkeiGQ

Biggest cons on this list seem to be user interface, as I mentioned before I think it’s kinda shit compared to AM or Spotify, but I could probably get used to it. Maybe I’ll give it a go and see what the hype’s about.
