It’s hard to discover new music on here
My daily mixes and other mixes just keep showing the same songs. Then I go to discover weekly and it’s some of the most ass songs I’ve ever heard.

What we need is a second AI DJ that plays new music you’ve never heard from various genres. Pls I’m begging y’all to make this.
Comments:
everynoise.com 

Search this sub and /r/truespotify. Once you figure out how to use it, you will never run out of new music
Check if some of the artists you like have playlists on their profiles. Many will curate a list of songs that inspire them. These are gold mines.
I don't use daily mix / discover weekly. I use curated playlists / artists & song radio. It's better rabbit hole to me.
You’ve got to put the effort in yourself. If you keep listening to the same music, Spotify will keep recommending it. There are hundreds of other playlists on Spotify to listen to.
I use musicmap.com input an artist and it will suggest loads of great stuff
i used to use my discover weekly a lot and i found one of my favourite bands that way actually!

edit; you can also remove the songs you don’t like from it and then next week spotify will show you less songs like that
If you’re into user created spotify playlists checkout https://playlost.fm.

Submit one of your favorite playlists and it’ll analyze the playlist and suggest similar user created playlists by matching shared artists, songs, and genres.

If you have checked this out stay tuned as I’m implementing some new features like a playlist aggregator for the suggested playlists.
Try Swipefy
I never listen to playlists.  I’m usually listening to albums.  When an album finishes, Spotify plays similar songs.  I’ve discovered artists that way.  Or sometimes I’ll go to an artist’s page, and at the bottom it’ll show similar artists, and discover artists that way.

Another way to find music, is to go on YouTube and find reviewers who review music similar from a genre you like.  I’ve discovered many artists that way, some people might make a lists of their favorite new albums, or rank albums or artists, top tens, etc.  Maybe they talk about an artist you’ve heard of but haven’t checked out, maybe watch the video for a recommendation.  We’re getting close to the end of the year, so album of the year lists will come soon.  I probably discover more artists on YouTube than Spotify.
Honestly some of the ways I’ve found bands I didn’t know is the “fans also like” section under bands I already know and it’s helped me find relatively well known bands and also unknown bands/ artists too.
What I like to do is pick a song by a band/artist I like that is the least similar to all of their other music and go to the radio for that song.
Going through the same thing now.

Find a song you like and then "Go To Song Radio". From that new list, mine it for new artists and repeat until you have a new branch into a genre or artist you've never heard before.
- Sign up to Last.fm.
- Follow some music mags like Pitchfork, The Quietus, and The Vinyl Factory. 
- Listen to independent radio stations like NTS or WFMU or FIP.
- Use the amazing service Radiooooo. 
- Setup a WhatsApp with fellow music loving friends, ask everyone to invite a couple of other friends. Share what you find regularly.
- Ditch Spotify for Qobuz or Tidal and get a Roon subscription.

Algorithms and AI can only advise you so far. Break out.
you can check out everynoise.com to scope different genres over Spotify or Forgotify to shuffle songs that have been played partially or never at all 

https://killthedj.com/how-to-find-new-music/
No, you need to stop relying on shitty algorithms and start compiling a playlist of music you're interested in listening to. Then, when you're in the mood, listen to some of it shuffled or in order. Save what you like and remove what you didn't.
I like Spotify, but after recent changes I feel like using YouTube music.
Go to an artist you like, scroll down to the bottom, and click the Similar Artists tab. If you've never heard of one, click it. Bam. Discovered a new artist.
Join discord servers for your favorite bands and see what everyone else is listening to
Use your daylist playlist.
I usually use [chosic.com](https://chosic.com) for discovering new music.
If you can’t find new music it’s a you problem (not trying to be mean). I personally find music and am pretty active on rateyourmusic but there are other sites that people have commented that also work. There’s so much great music out there to listen to you just gotta go find it.
Imo the most effective way to find new music is finding new music from aritsts you already listen to a lot. It's more likely you'll like new music from those artists than from some recommended new artist by an alogrithm.

Spotify's Release Radar helps with that, except you need to make sure you follow every artist you like, else they won't show up in your Release Radar.

There's 3rd party apps like [Brew.fm](https://www.brew.fm/) (full disclaimer: I'm the maker) which can help you with that. Eg Brew makes auto playlists with new music from artists already in your playlists. There's other 3rd party Spotify apps too that eg send you daily emails.
I host a weekly trivia game at a restaurant/sport bar called Mr. Chubby's Wings. I use Spotify for the playlist used during the game. I called the playlist "Chubby's" and I empty it out each week for the following week's songs.

When I empty the playlist and open it to search for songs to add, their idiotic algorithms suggest songs that have to do with erections and getting sexually excited.

Spotify's search algorithms are useless.
https://linktr.ee/m.a.x.thebaroqueboy
There's this guy commenting right now who dabbles in playlist curation.
Here’s a playlist I waste a stupid amount of time updating.   Perhaps you’ll find it useful.  It’s always changing.  
https://open.spotify.com/playlist/2qSnf5o94xPqrM2BDGaAze?si=NS2qZySfSBOLB6E_l9ZR5A
If you are interested in some new music, I have some to recommend: 

https://open.spotify.com/artist/2Z3OWQX3JP4J9Op7t4rbRD?si=358yG2SXSCKq9_KoeEodVw

https://open.spotify.com/artist/2Z3OWQX3JP4J9Op7t4rbRD?si=358yG2SXSCKq9_KoeEodVw
Idk but theres this new feature that i suddenly had where i play my music of choice then there would be recommended songs based on what i was listenin to n its kinda accurate🍟
Go to the Fresh Finds playlists. It’s mostly new music with different genres and it’s updated every Thursday
Go to an album/playlist turn of shuffle and loop and play the last song skip towards the end and let radio/random shuffle do it's magic.
Or you could steal from YouTube channels that highlight new stuff. It's helped me a lot without much work.
I listen to a lot of different genres and subgenres so my daily mixes are pretty diverse
I religiously listen to New Music Friday. If a song isn't doing it for me I skip. If I really like a song I'll drop it in my regular rotation playlist. I've discovered a lot of new music this way.
You're doing it wrong
What i really enjoy is finding a song that is in the mood i am in and spawning a radio off that. I tend to find other gems usually and may spawn more radio off that and get down some rabbit holes, musically that is
I search “picked just for you” , I do enjoy the interesting playlists spotify comes up with for me
Well lemme know if you want my suggestions. Can’t be worse than discover weekly, amirite?
A week or two ago I had a sort of fyp below my search bar, with # and a certain genre or style and quite detailed. Found some good so gs on there but it was removed after a week and I'm so pissed cause it brought me new songs I liked.
nDopee check out ww3
I browse Rate Your Music to find good bands and releases from genres I like.
Use the radio function if you like an album or song just go an play radio of that, you’ll find something you like and new
i read a few years ago that the algorithm for Discover Weekly is heavily influenced by what you add to playlists. it assumes that if you add a song to a playlist you must have really liked it. so i started a series of playlists i call Weekly Gold. i don't like super long playlists so i let them get to about 2.5 hours and start a new one. it helped a lot with getting more accurate suggestions.

recently i noticted i wasn't being suggested new music it was mostly stuff from the 2010s so i started adding in songs from my Release Radar to the same playlists and my Discover Weekly started to have some new suggestions.
I find so much good music on Spotify. What I do is I take an artist I like and find playlists that they are on. Most playlists aren't that great but some are really good. Like I found a 100 hour playlist the other day and I like most of the music on it so far.

Then when I find a new artist I really like I start the process over. I've created about 200 hours of playlists of songs that I like just from exploring Spotify.

Spotify radio is also pretty good.
They should call it MIDIFY the day lists are so mid
What!? ALL my new music comes from Spotify recs. Use r/musicrecommendations
If I find a song I like from someone I’ve never heard of, I’ll go to their page then scroll down and see the “fans also like” and scroll through those. I’ve found a wealth of great artists that way.
I'm over here still using Pandora
https://youtu.be/eGlU-NXhmjs?si=_7WX3iv_mAFldcQ-

My buddy jordangates3k is on there, tell him to post safe haven w nickypea so I can get on there lol
I agree. All the mixes I get are songs on my playlists already. And the discover weekly always sucks ass.
I usually miss Spotify since switching to Apple, but it seems finding new music is easier. I keep adding to my library to improve suggestions and just ask for a random song. I’ve found a lot of good stuff but it’s Apple.
Tbh a good bit of the music I listen to now, I found just by letting Spotify do its thing after whatever album I'm currently obsessed with ends. Not to say that because it works for me it should work for you of course haha, just tossing my dissenting experience out there for the sake of it. This seems to work better for me than the parts of Spotify that are meant for finding new music, funny enough
Also rateyourmusic.com/genres to see an explanation of genres and subgenres.
Oh wow I do really like everynoise.com they have a playlist with 1 song from every genre. How exciting. Thank you!
As a UI/UX Designer, "once you figure out how to use it" is such as mind boggling statement about something that should be so freaking easy. It's a music shuffler. How hard can it be to design?!
>  artists & song radio

This is the key, found a band (Sticky Fingers) that over the course of the last few months have become one of my favourite bands doing this
Agreed. I have no trouble finding new stuff.

&#x200B;

\- I listen to what I like when I am in the mood for it.

\- I use the niche mixes and try out new stuff.

\- I choose full albums, friend's mixes, artist mixes, radios for songs I like, artists I like, albums I like, etc..

\- I add and remove songs from my playlists.

\- I sample the albums that they show me every time I open the app.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

At the end of the day, the new music is always there. You just have to listen to it. It might be more fun to pick some of it out on your own rather that expect a computer to do it all for you 100% of the time. All of this is said with the best of intentions by me. :-)
This^^^^^^^!!!
Just googled it and it says there are 4 billion playlists. Billions!!
Not true. I follow hundreds and hundreds of artists. And still Spotify always put the same songs of the same artists in each daily mix.
I just discovered this a few days ago and even though I haven’t been able to use it much yet I’ve been super happy with the few I’ve found so far.
How do you remove songs from it?
everynoise is amazing. I have so many folders created by their site. [https://imgur.com/a/RaYCoxa](https://imgur.com/a/RaYCoxa)
I went through that playlist this year. Lots of fun. Made my algorithm pretty interesting lol
..no it’s not
Yea going to song radio is the only way I really get to new stuff.
But are you listening to these hundreds and hundreds of different artists each week? If I listen to a wide range of different and new (to me) music one week, my Discover Weekly is more eclectic the following week and tends to show me artists I don’t know.
the same way you remove songs from any other playlist, like go in the menu or whatever and click like “remove” or something, it’s not too hard
But I don't want to go to my library and select one by one each artist. What's the purpose of daily mixes if they don't use the music I liked?
Let's say I go to discover weekly and I follow 5 artists and I like 5 songs. Probably those 5 artists will never appear in the daily mixes.
Also, what's the point of discovery weekly if they put songs that were on your liked playlist on there
