As you get older, have you stopped creating playlist and just listened to Spotify’s playlists?
I used to create a lot of playlist on Spotify when I was younger. I remember when Spotify used to feature community made playlist and that’s how I garnered 657 followers on Spotify. But now that I’ve gotten older, I can’t find myself creating playlists anymore. The thing I like the most about Spotify is their playlists, I like that most of them can fit any mood. I like listening to the daylist even though sometimes it’s a hit or miss. Whenever I get a free trial of Apple Music, I try to use it and for some reason I just couldn’t get into it. The only thing I like about Apple Music is the Soulection radio lol
Comments:
I always make my own playlists. I don't care how old I am. I am always searching for songs that I haven't heard and I like to thrift and search for music.
Nope. I love my playlists.
I listen to the daily mixes the most.  They're ever evolving and loosely categorize, so I've got a classic rock daily mix, one that stays mostly Ska, and the rest are some mix of alt country/college rock (like Pavement).  

So I can shuffle the mix, but the mix changes slowly over time.
I’m almost 40, and just started making playlists a year ago 😂
No, I'm 37 and I only listen to my own playlists and I don't see it changing. I use rateyourmusic for music discovery and I find it's much more useful than algorithm generated playlists and I find great albums that way.
Opposite for me actually, i love making my own playlists
For me it's almost the opposite - back in 2008/2009 to 2013 I used to only have one or two playlists on Spotify, and today I have a bunch more for different genres, but I use my giant master playlist and "current obsessions" playlist the most. But if I'm in the mood for stuff like rock, video game music or Eurovision then I have specific options for that.
Nope. Personal playlists rules all. Spotify playlists to occasionally discover new music, and personal ones for true listening.
I make playlists and that started years and years ago with cassette tapes. I’m 58 and I’m still making playlists
I am particular about my music so while I do listen to a lot of spotify playlists but also keep updating my own playlists
I still make playlists regularly. I don't trust Spotify to capture my vibe.
No because I like to look back in the past and the present to see what I listen to back then and now. I basically make my playlists based on old mixed CD’s my use to make, if I’m at a turn up or anything I heard that day.
I just rotate through like 3 playlists majority of the time lol

Alt playlist that has like 1300 songs.

Metalcore/screamo playlist that has like 1300 songs

Hardcore for gym that has like 500ish
YES! Almost exclusively, almost…
I still make my own playlists but I do listen to my daily mixes a few times a week.
I use Spotify most as instrumental background music when at work. I find those playlists incredibly helpful as I would have no idea where to begin.
I just have one mega playlist with over 9K songs and skip when something that doesn't fit my mood comes on. With that said, I've been loving the shit outta the new (ish) Daylists.
Nah I love my 4397 song playlist
I use winamp and the playlists I created 20 years ago from my nearly 120k tracks. So yea I know what you mean.
never. i've been making playlists since i was a child  (when it was an actual mixtape lol)
I'm not that old, idk if you mean from early teens to over 20 or rather to late 20s / 30s;   
I'm 23 and *love* making playlists a lot. I actually love this about Spotify most, prior I could only do that with songs I had already downloaded to my phone & had to download everything that I didn't have yet for a new playlist, it just wasn't as fun that way.
I’ve always been an album listener.  Whenever I make playlists, they just sit there, and I rarely listen to them.  I’ve always been like that.  I listen to albums all the time though.  But if I were to choose between creating my own playlist to listen to or Spotify’s playlists, it would be my own 100%.  

I’ve looked at Spotify’s made for me playlists, and the algorithm is terrible, sometimes there’s one song I know, or none at all.  It frequently has songs from the wrong genre.  Like there’s a jazz fusion playlist, it’s full of prog rock and prog metal, not a single jazz fusion song lol.  Which is the entire point, ironically, it’s probably the best playlist it made for me lol.  I also found a 90s playlist with a song from the 00s.  Several rock playlists with screaming metal tracks, good but it’s not rock.  The playlists don’t follow their own rules, and often aren’t related to my own music tastes.  They’re a joke so I don’t even listen to them.

The playlists made by humans are better, but I’m seeing the same songs over and over.  I’d rather just find my own stuff.
Playlists and AI DJ mostly. I am always adding to my playlists
Mainly listen to albums, Spotify seems to know how to scratch the itch when I feel the need to listen to a playlist
As I got older I started listening to full albums and stopped listening to playlists.
I keep making my own mixes for games, partying, sing along, whatever.
I just started a new playlist today from my favorite songs from 2 other playlists, one being spotifys supernova spy trance and the other group therapy 

I also recently discovered we have a huge library of audio books!
I keep one playlist for general listening. Which i am constantly adding new music to. I listen to discover weekly and release radar fairly often to see if there is anything interesting but for the most part i have my distinct taste and stick to it
I’m making more playlists than ever. It’s a serious hobby for me at this point haha. The Spotify-generated ones are good and Daylist is fun, but I really enjoy curating my own!
I listen to albums. If i wanna listen to a specific song, i’ll look for that song. I rarely use playlists. 

I’m a Gen Z. I prefer albums. Yes we exist lol
Gen X 

[I have not stopped](https://www.reddit.com/r/shrooms/s/VpQEPRcqt7)
The only Spotify curated playlists I tend to listen to are discovery weekly which updates on Mondays and release radar which updates on Fridays. These two playlists are what point me in the direction of most the new music I find now, the algorithm is pretty good (for me) with how quickly it adjusts discovery weekly based on what I listened to the previous week and if you’re following the people you’re interested in new music from, release radar is a good place to be kept up to date on those releases.
No my playlists mean more to me now then ever. Time capsules. Curated lists of me.
I bet you got the classification "Alchemist" for your Spotify Wrapped stuff. Cause you sound like me.
Daily Mixes or "Repeat" or "Repeat Rewind" or "Time Capsule"... or I'll just look up like R&B mix or Early 2000s pop music... or literally whatever. There are essentially unlimited playlists if you know the genre and/or time period. I think I have maybe made like 2-3 playlists ever. 

I only used the liked feature if a song comes up and I'm afraid I'll forget about it if I don't have it somewhere.
Almost exactly the same as me 😁

But it's because I had a long break from music and got back last year.

Generally I'm too picky to enjoy Spotify playlists. For my playlists I choose only top favorite songs of each artist. I can listen them over and over again and never get bored or even skip a track.
"Alchemist" would've been cool. I think they called me a "vampire" or something for listening to underground type stuff🤔 I would look it up but they took my "wrapped" off my profile
Understandable!  I never really listened to playlists, I would always listen to whole albums, or bounce between 2 or 3, depending on moods. 

I just came to realize how much music I loved, and wanted ways to listen to more of it all, and this was the solution. I’ve also discovered so much new music in the process, it’s been fun!  

A lot of them are public, if you’re ever looking for new stuff! Here’s my [profile](https://open.spotify.com/user/1232715890?si=g3JqMLooTTKsrY2shgTdEw)
Oh, I'm constantly looking for new music, digging up obscure artists is my main hobby now :D But as I said I'm picky, and my taste is a bit uncommon, so it's hard to find people with similar one. It doesn't seem ours overlap much.

I'm especially into powerful, unique vocals, and rather more pop/rock style music (but not mainstrem - it's boring, not all pop is popular), preferably very dynamic and mixed with other genres. And generally I usually like dark concepts.  
If you can recommend anything along this lines, I'd love to listen :D  
Here are my favorite playlists, if you're interested: [dark-pop and around](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/05p8UcqOP3Samsvmv5RFJb?si=b54e70468ccd4c85), [rock](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/0tzhu20lIzrrMNCAGT3hoH?si=3f18497e3b0a4d07)

I usually use [chosic.com](https://chosic.com) for finding new music, YT sometimes gives some good recs too.

In the past I've listened to albums much more, yet I liked making playlists and compilations too. But now there's so many artists to discover that I feel it's a waste of time to dwell to long on one album. So I guess we're very similar in this mater ;)
I hear you! I do have a fair amount of similar vibe songs dispersed in my playlists, and at the moment these stand out as a few artists/albums you may find some songs that fit your mood! Also, I love seeing Sinead, Meg Myers, and particularly the song “Frozen” from Madonna ❤️

[CLOVES - Nightmare On Elmfield Road](https://open.spotify.com/album/4ILNpQy73p5vqpyV9pcLUK?si=O_HDWFxBTKiiy2G67ZyI9Q)

[Highasakite - Mother](https://open.spotify.com/album/206fFVgEESA7xFQMP6NlPh?si=laURc5EeRzqrdPOSsmvDRg) or [Uranium Heart](https://open.spotify.com/album/0XLCfcLsv31oEwcvEDC8v6?si=jcUsMxOaQduBMnJ32qB3ng). Their whole catalog is fantastic honestly, but not necessarily the vibe of these two albums. 

[Euphio - Cartoon Problems](https://open.spotify.com/album/5UZviON00ljZpVJCmJoHiP?si=5FGIUrHWT0S4wa8ZcBdLrg) but in particular [this song](https://open.spotify.com/track/7zEvUUEDc84YVKuS1VJReO?si=hSLIL6dTSwuhDxGanEaG6w) is incredible

[Moonraker - Nada Brahma](https://open.spotify.com/album/0mY0l4tLzU4aj8dEmEILHt?si=Z-YCqdEoThSw8vfqFCAF9w)

[Monophona - Black On Black](https://open.spotify.com/album/0asHQ9gPZ4N54gOVcwI9wk?si=jwNbBNi5Q8WxeViJYhNTHQ)
>Also, I love seeing Sinead, Meg Myers, and particularly the song “Frozen” from Madonna

Yeah, I'm focusing mostly on new less known singers, but wanted to add some of the greatest ones too :) Sinead is my favorite female singer of all time.  
(as for male, one of my recent discoveries holds the crown: [Son Jin Wook](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL871S_F0y5dYbEbEOwxK1Y6LTKyQqKEp5))

Thank you very much for recs, listening to CLOVES and already loving it :)
