Typically I am anti ai; however Spotify’s new ai dj is amazing.
I’ve wanted Spotify to add personalized recommendations forever, now they have a system that learns which is awesome.
Comments:
i personally love the feature as well. it’s pretty much the only area AI should be allowed in for entertainment (recommendations and playlist curation).

However, there seems to have been a recent change and now the DJ meshes songs together like an actual radio station. this is a problem for me as it cuts off like the first 30 seconds of a song, and similarly cuts off the last 30 seconds or more and blends it with the beginning of the next song. it’s driving me insane
"Typically I am anti ai" - yet you use Spotify, use Reddit and... let me guess... use Google... AI has been there for more than a decade ;) just saying that you're "anti AI" means that you don't really know how much you use it and depend on it.
In my opinion it’s a really forgettable feature. I like the concept, but I can’t find myself really using it all that much.. but that’s just a personal preference
I hate AI with a seething passion, but I really enjoy this feature as well. It’s introduced me to a couple of good tracks
I actually haven't tried it yet
I've been using pretty much every day, I like it in a lot of ways, I think the things it says and the way it pronounces certain things is funny, or when it changes the vibe to "angry" that makes me chuckle, how it pulls up old songs I forgot about, love that. Love how it's for the most part like my own personal radio station. 

My biggest criticism is it seems to be really trying to shove this "Front Left" playlist down my throat, it goes back to it like every 5th set and it's making me side eye hard all the artists on the playlist, I skip it every time too, but it keeps trying, it makes me think it's an industry plant playlist, or a playlist the record labels have paid to push, it's starting to really frustrate me haha.
I haven’t experienced what you’re claiming at all. You need to check your cross fade setting.
and yes, DJ X is the best!
He plays a few songs way to often it gets on my nerves but he plays me new songs too and I love that
i have crossfade set to 0. this typically happens on songs with fade out outros, or songs with a quiet instrumental buildup before a drop. it essentially skips the intros and outros of songs
Nah, it absolutely does this sometimes.
