what are some ways you’d want to see the AI DJ improved? 
i’ve started using it again recently but i find it’s no different to how it released, when i expected it to be worked on and improved over time, so how would you guys make it better personally? 
Comments:
I just wish we could have an option for it to NOT play "whats hot right now"... I literally couldn't care less about top pop.  Otherwise I actually don't think it's awful.  DJ voice options could be nice too I suppose
1 - The voice

2 - The content played back
The best way to improve the DJ and Shuffle and most other things is an option, or a slider, that allows the listener to choose if they want to hear deeper tracks or tracks you normally listen to.
I'm not trying to completely change genres every 5 songs. 


Also the music that gets recommended to me is either songs I've listened to a million times recently or generic top 40 music I've never intentionally listened to before. 
Be a little bit more like Daylist, or give us the options on choosing a DJ that plays more to what we're looking for. I, for one, would love a DJ that would play more underground stuff.
Extra dialogue in between songs, like a piece of trivia about the artist about to be played or something like that.
Yes in every way, it’s horrible. Only good for people who don’t like diversity in their taste.
The content should be related to listening habits. Often, it picks songs that are outside of those listening habits.
Don't have a section of what's really popular on Spotify right now when I never listen to the mainstream bullshit. Also don't play Latin or Mexican music when I also have never listened to it.
Quietly deleted would be best
It's pretty bad. Not sure how they can save it.
Teach it that Harry Chapin is not pronounced  “Shah-peen”.
Make the voice model from JB Smoove & make him say off color shit to transition between songs
1-Stop playing the same song by each artist. When he plays Elton John, it’s always “The Bitch is Back.” Prince? “Raspberry Beret.” Cage the Elephant? “No Rest for the Wicked.” THERE ARE OTHER SONGS!!

2-Somehow tell it that my temporary fixation is over. In the days leading up to a concert and immediately after I will listen to one band intensely. When I’m done with it, I am done with it. But no, DJ just keeps playing blocks by this artist.
Maybe if it was an actual DJ
Personally, considering Spotify still hasn’t figured out how to smart shuffle a playlist without using other songs already in my library, I think they should put their AI away and focus on being a streaming service.
The fact that it can run me through 5 blocks of recommendations and later that day it'll just repeat then exactly from the start again if I've played any other playlist or random song. It not being able to pick up where it left off is very annoying
Making AI DJ available in my country would be a kinda good improvement to me. :'-)
1. Different options of voices for DJs, and not just regular humans let me have someone like Daria from MTV Daria be a voice option.

2. Different color options for the DJ, blue and green is an ugly combination let me have the option to switch it up.

3. Give me the option of what I want the DJ to play. Give us the choice of either A. the types of genre(s) of music I want the DJ to play and B. give me the option to create a playlist of songs and have the DJ only play songs from that selected playlists while talking in between every couple of songs.

4. Better randomization of the songs played
Eliminating the "dj" sorry would be a nice start.  I don't need or want the commentary, but getting "tags" would be my first choice.  I'm not DJing a wedding. I don't need "playlists" for anything.  If I did want one, I'd use the tags to build it
It’s so creepy . Like the worst personality you could imagine
The problem with making the DJ agreeable to everyone makes it so it's agreeable to no one. Not everything has to be made specifically for you, and not everything has to be liked by you. I'm not speaking directly to you, OP. I'm just saying this as general advice for life.
I want it to go away tbh
"Hey Billy it's X here..." I can't stand the voice. Let me pick a voice that I want to hear.
More customization in general. It feels too much like one person's pet project with their vision rather than a tool meant to serve you. The voice isn't customizable, you can't choose what percentage is music that is new to you (please do that).   
  
It spits out stuff curated by Spotify staff which is almost always mainstream hip hop or the most bland pop music. If I happened to like that, that would be fine. Curated does not mean "Top 50". Maybe find some staff with actual broad taste and give people curated playlists that fit something they'd like. Surely that would be possible if they want to actually apply artificial intelligence.

Despite all this, it is very useful to me, I just have to hit the DJ reset button more times than I should.
Remove it, it's fucking garbage, and it always will be, along with pretty much all of the algorithms. If you want opinions and recommendations outside of your own taste go make some fucking friends and engage with music communities. Fellow music lovers is what you need, not the inhuman digital void.
Strong agree. No I don't want to listen to the Last Dinner Party now just like the last 20 times I skipped them
Yeah the voice sounds terrible
See, I change genres like that a lot when choosing my own so I enjoy that. I just keep skipping forward until I hear something I like. It's annoying but it has actually found obscure things I've never heard before and love many times. Although it has been doing that less lately.
it already does that, very rarely though.
interesting idea, i’d love that
agreed, you’d expect it to play more songs you’ve not listened to but it’s always your most listened to songs. when i wanna listen to something new the dj is never the place go go
