Why does Spotify absolutely suck at shuffling anymore?
I can't be the only one noticing this. Even if I'm listening to a Playlist, it will literally cycle the same fucking songs over and over again. If I have to skip  "The Waiting" by Tom Petty one more time im gonna blow a fuse. Thank you for coming to my Ted talk
Comments:
I’m sick of songs I used to love because of this.
It has changed for the worse. My massive playlist recycles the same songs over and over.
Use a website called smarter playlists. It's a tool developed by someone that works for Spotify (personal project, not official)

It takes some setting up but you can use it to make weighted shuffles, combine playlists, pull random songs from several playlists and combine them in to one and oh so so so much more. I've been using it for about a year now and it's improved my Spotify experience tenfold.

There's also a subreddit with some examples r/smarterplaylists
It sucks compared to the original itunes shuffle that's for sure. Even the discover weekly has really dropped in quality content the last year.
Clear the cache weekly... it's not perfect but helps.
It always sucked.    They do not do a true shuffle.   They are pushing certain artists or songs.   They own the rights to some of the artists there.   What gets pushed is a reflection of which songs give them more or less profit.   That is how the music business works.
There are 2 things that have always been a constant with Spotify. First is their bad shuffle. Second is people making posts about it here. Those two things have been around since this subreddit and spotify started.
Agreed. And there's no way to fix it either- just like most Spotify problems
I've been using Spotify for 10 years & Shuffle has never been good.
Another thing I've noticed is that the algorithm ALWAYS auto plays the same stuff when a playlist finishes. I have head Life during wartime by talking heads about 1000 times in the past 6 months purely from that
Been saying this for a while now, im considering leaving spotify. Playlist with 1000 songs and it plays the same 20 over and over.. makes no sense at all
It's always been like this. They've never had an actual random feature in which every song has the same odds of playing. They've always had a secret system that gives some some better odds and other songs worse odds. IT IS INFURIATING
It has definitely benefits messed up lately. Sometimes goes to the same song just a few songs later.
Yeah, it continues to play the same songs.
Even my DJ is playing the same damn songs everyday man
I agree. I have playlists with over 100 songs and feel like it just plays the same 5 over and over again. It's annoying
Spotify shuffles the 80 most popular songs in a playlist before playing anything else. If you have 200 songs in a playlist, the algorithm will shuffle the same 80 most popular songs every time. You can shuffle those 80 songs differently if you keep shuffling and unshuffling but you'll never hear a different song before those first 80.

A guy did a study on it with dozens of tests. Shuffle isn't true shuffle anymore it's algorithmic shuffle.

Just cap your playlists at 80 like I do and make lots of playlists
Yes I used to find great songs on daily mix and weekly. Now it's gone to shit
I love his the fact that I have around 5k liked songs and it can shuffle the same one 3 times in 25 skips or so.  That’s some shuffle right there.
cuz it uses a fucking algorithm now
The most annoying part is that even song radios try to mix in your current listening habits. 

&#x200B;

I listen to old school rap and new age rap. Whenever I go to a song radio I have a really annoying mix of the two. They don't sound good together and I'm tired of Spotify doing this with almost all genres. The only time it hasn't mixed stuff in is when it's basically a brand new genre I'm listening too. They just need to make a toggle or smth for "Use your current listening habits" or something.
At first I was thinking "uh what's wrong with The Waiting by Tom Petty?", that song is amazing. Then I realised my spotify has been defaulting to "Bogus Operandi" by The Hives, and I got what you were talking about. Algorithms are lame.
I heard it favors songs based on payout rate but don’t quote me on that.
Yeah spotify's shuffle has been awful for a long time now. My main playlist has 1000+ songs on it but I never get to hear most of them because it plays the same 50ish songs all the time.
I used this site to help with shuffle
https://stevenaleong.com/tools/spotifyplaylistrandomizer
THIS

Is it just me they like to ruin the day for giving me the most random boring songs in the middle of listening to a specific album and it's
**Always** the same few songs.
It always has been shit.
Their AI DJ is ass, that’s why
Settings>Storage>Clear Cache

It helps.
Go into settings and clear cache
It's always been like this!
man i came to rant about this but like i was being brave and playing my Liked Songs playlist and of course it’s super eclectic. but tell me why spotify’s shuffle sucks so bad, the same songs ive skipped on my drive reappear 5-8 songs later ??? like are you kidding me if i skipped it 5 songs ago, it doesn’t mean i change my mind later !!!! my playlist is 700+ songs and they choose the same 50 every time. i’m so sick of paying for this shit
I hate it. I shuffle played One direction the other day and it only played half the songs before playing “recommended artist” like no I wanna listen to all their songs nkt just the half that I normally listen to.
i swear im not being mean but the mods really need to stop letting these shuffle posts happen over and over lol
I built Virtual Shuffle because I didn't want to use those websites where you wait for them to create a new random playlist every time you want to hear music. Virtual Shuffle [https://shuffle.virock.org](https://shuffle.virock.org) forces Spotify to play truly random tracks from your playlists all in real-time. You just enable it and then play music on Spotify. It's that simple.
I haven't really noticed much repeditiveness, although  I have a nearly 10k song playlist
Which was why I switched to YouTube Music
Switch to apple music, the shuffling is beautiful
agree
There are a bunch of sites out there that manually shuffle your playlists if you go googling for it.

Would be careful about potential malicious activity though, I copy my playlists sometimes just in case they get deleted.
Yep it’s gotten a lot worse lately. have a gym playlist that’s over 2 hours long and it seems like it’ll only play about half of them. Of course it’s not the end of the world to hit skip so I don’t get tired of the same songs, but it’s clear it’s not a random shuffle anymore.
So true
I have noticed this too. I’ll shuffle my whole liked list over 1000 songs and it plays the same few with no variety lol
I cancelled my Spotify premium for this reason. Then they upped the prices for the pleasure, so I have no regrets.
These posts come up here all the time, so I was ready to ignore it, but then I thought about it and I think you're right and it has become even worse over the last couple of months. It was already bad, but it might have gotten even worse.
I have 2k songs in my liked song playlist. Somehow manages to shuffle the same ones and it fucks up my year in review every year. Like look at my spotify wrap for last year. 3 of the 5 most listened to songs arent even from my top 5 bands

https://imgur.com/a/ULl5T4H
I have nearly 7500 songs in my liked but if I shuffle I'll hear the most recent repeats first and I think that's lame.

The algorithm us trying too hard to please me in the music that I ALREADY LIKE. But it's no big, I skip through it, and like twenty songs later I'll hear something I haven't heard in awhile.
All the streaming is like this anymore. I like obscure songs and when I find one I play more than once, that song suddenly is in my playlist every time I skip to similar genres. There are some Toto songs im done with listening to for quite a while now. I just create my own playlists anymore. Still the shuffle feature still sucks, hasn't been good in a while.
Thank god im not the only one who noticed
Here's what I tried, and it really helps: find the songs that always get played and drag and drop them down the playlist a bit. Always hear song #5? Drag it down to 79. Take those new songs you've just added that shuffle wants nothing to do with and drag those up higher on the list. You'll really notice a difference. I'm guessing you'll probably need to redo this occasionally.
I was wondering if I was just imagining this. I stopped using shuffle lately cuz I was only hearing the same songs and Spotify started clearing playlist shuffle position recently so I can't just start it up the next day where I left off.

Every update they make to save money on licensing gets me that much closer to going back to piracy. Old Spotify killed piracy for me due to convenience but now it seems they are going the route of Netflix and pushing piracy back into the limelight
I got YouTube music and Spotify.  YouTube music shuffle is amazing
this is v true
Shuffle was never random, unfortunately.
I have a 4 hour gym playlist and my 60min workout is almost always the same songs. I have to go through and queue other songs if I want it to mix. 
  
And if you add new songs to the playlist because it feels stale, it loops those few new songs for a month.
what makes it more annoying is that you can't reshuffle a playlist like on other platforms because there isn't a shuffle button. it's a toggle connected to the play button and if you try to reshuffle the playlist, it just pauses the music and it doesn't reshuffle it. and the toggle is only on mobile. if you want to shuffle a playlist on desktop, you'd have to press play on the playlist, enable shuffle, and skip to the next song (at least that's how i do it)
It's always sucked. Search "shuffle" in this subreddit and you'll see posts from years ago. 

It's a bittersweet thing when I find a new song I like. It'll just get it overplayed to hell and not by my own hand.
I’ve never used the shuffle button lol
Same!
Mine works just fine.
Weird I have never had an issue. I rejoined Spotify around 9 months ago and I specifically was annoyed with Apple Music having poor shuffling, basically limiting four playlist size. I rejoined Spotify when I learned they made it unlimited. I've been keeping an eye on it. My playlist is 1300 currently and I do get each band appearing eventually.

I did notice once that if I choose one song from my playlist and then have it shuffle after, it seems to make a playlist of like 50 and then it repeats it if you reach the end. I pick random songs as my starting song now.
Am I the only one it works fine for?
They weaked algorithm big time
Mine seems worse lately. The other day it played songs in the exact same order as the day before on shuffle.
Thought I was the only one
Use virtual shuffle, it’s an android app that forces Spotify to play truly random tracks. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.virock.virtualshufflev2&hl=en_US
I'm not sure that I have an issue so much with shuffling as I do with their enhances shuffle and song recommendations. It feels like when they do artist/song radios they heavily favor songs you already know/like, and with new recommendations they rarely cycle out new songs and it typically just becomes the same pattern of recommendations.
Glad I'm not the only one!! 2500 songs in the library and I swear I only hear ~75 of them. It's been bothering me for a couple months now. What do we do?
I've been using Spotify for like 7 years and it's never Been like this. There used to be variety, now it's driving me crazy. Starting to think about switching to a new streaming service
Not to mention your playlists with dozens of artists playing the same artist 4+ times in a row
Switch off the automix setting. It definitely helps.
I'm not sure if I'm doing something wrong or is this completely broken on mobile? When I select playlist in the program builder it doesn't let me choose a playlist, same if I click first 10 it won't let me adjust the number
Does it have a Shuffle All feature for every song on the enitre site??? That's what I want.
this is a good idea. 👍🏾
This absolutely works.
that is so dumb like why
I love Tom Petty, but not enough to listen to that one song 8 times in a work shift lol
But it don’t shuffle liked songs
Mods should help convince Spotify to actually give a shir
The problem I've noticed with Apple Music is they hate original versions of songs. They keep giving you re recorded versions that suck. I got tired of going on a hunt and doing detective work trying to find an original recording.
Keep that information to yourself, you'll jinx yourself
been a 3 month apple music and i’ve realized in using it the shuffle on am is 10x better than spotify you’ll still have the main stream songs pop up once in a while but its better than my experience in spotify being a 7 yr user
I tried Amazon, it was the same thing sadly
Yeah. It’s always off. I’ve taken to listening to my playlist in alphabetical order!  Ensures I hear all the songs!
what does automix do?
Idk I guess so the popular songs stay more popular and the lesser ones stay lesser :(
not like they can do anything. this isnt the official forum
Have you tried clearing the cache too?
I'm not 100% sure but I think it's supposed to blend the songs seamlessly on "some playlists" 🤷🏻‍♂️
