Do you use cross fade? If so why?
Recently I was using the Ai dj and it faded between songs, cutting off the final line of song.

I personally don’t like cross fade between songs. I like the feeling of the songs being fully self contained, cross fading just feels disorienting to me. 

I can understand in a live setting not wanting any dead air. Just wondering why some choose to use it for personal listening.
Comments:
I use about 5 seconds of crossfade. Makes the music non stop and I think it sounds great, especially if the previous song fades at the end. I really wish Spotify didn't do a forced fade out/in of each song though. I wish it was a smart cross fade like they have on plexamp.
I hate crossfade with a fiery passion. If the artist wanted me to hear something, I want to hear it (there are exceptions of course but they’re not common). I have it turned off entirely but the DJ just ignores the settings. It once crossfaded for THIRTY SECONDS. That was obviously a bug, there’s no way anybody would ever want that, but still. Not being able to control crossfade makes the DJ unusable to me.
I do less than a second of cross play, if that’s accurate  as it says or its a second. Its just enough to cut out the pause in between but hardly noticeable unless you have songs that abruptly start/stop in the queue
Yes. 12 seconds. I usually listen to music via playlists when working out, working, or doing stuff around the house. I like using the Crossfade because it gives a nice smooth transition most of the time between songs. I turn it off when I am listening to albums, though.
No. There are plenty of songs where the outro is fantastic and I don’t wanna miss it, and the cross fade never really transitions clean enough for me to enjoy it anyway
4-5 seconds of crossfade so i can escape that awkward silence betweeen songs
I sometimes use it with shuffle enabled just incase two song transition perfectly, when they do its epic bcuz its completely unexpected. Usually, it just cross fades songs that dont work together at all, or ruins the endings/beginnings of songs that aren't meant to be cross faded at all. For those reasons, i dont really use it anymore.
Yeah, I just think it sounds neat
I don’t like when it cross fades the content of a song, but I do use 1 second of cross fade to eliminate most of the silence between songs. I just got tired of dead space between songs.
I can’t even imagine listening to music in a way that casually will take n amount of a time off at the end of any song by default. You could be cutting off a thrilling orchestral crescendo, or a virtuoso drum solo or a soprano holding a long note or one of those minor key endings that leave you on the verge of tears… 

I do sometimes not go all the way to end of tracks or skip winddown or silence at the end of songs I’m not saying I’m pure. Just the default of listening with cross fade is incongruous to me. Maybe for a playlist if it made sense somehow but not overall
Nah, just gapless playback. Used to use 6 seconds of cross fade but got sick of it.
Was just about to start listening to DSotM on my playlist, didn't realise I had shuffle on and it blended from Speak To Me into Now I Wanna Be Your Dog by The Stooges, was not prepared for how epic it would sound.
Tbh I don’t know if I do because I’m always switching songs or restarting them 🫠
I think using the crossfade or not, just really depends on the genre you are listening to.

Lemme get some examples

If I'm listening to something like rap (any kind) or metalcore I'd never use the crossfade since till the very last second there is something "relevant" to hear, e.g. bars/breakdowns/whatever, but if I'm listening to house/techno/lo-fi I don't despise a bit of crossfade (3 to 5 seconds) at the end/beginning of the tracks.
If I’m just shuffling listening to songs in the car I’ll keep around 3s on to help everything blend together nicely. If I’m sitting down to listen to an album properly I’ll turn it off all together so I get the experience the artist intended.
I use it but only with 2-3 seconds. Gives songs enough time for me to hear every second of it and it makes for a smoother transition when I'm listening to a playlist on shuffle. Some songs I skip back to the beginning to hear the first second, though, like Mixed Nuts by Higedan. That break out into the song is amazing
It’s really good with lofi playlists but anything else seems to not work well
No because it has ruined hard transitions between songs or cuts off the quick ending that lands a certain way. I want to hear the songs as the artist intended them
I just hate. I don´t like the feeling of the song being "incomplete". Perhaps in specific situations (like a party) could work.
Agree, I have it at 5s mostly because when playing music in the background of a party or dinner I HATE the seconds of silence between tracks. However, some music shouldn’t have the cross fade (think classical albums, or trad pop) and it would be nice to make that distinctions
Isn't there a setting to change it's length?
Same here. 12 seconds.
thats true, thats why I put it on 1 second
I can’t even imagine listening to music in a way that casually will take n amount of a time down at the end of any song by default. You could be cutting effect of a thrilling orchestral crescendo, or a virtuoso drum solo or a soprano holding a long note or one of those minor key endings that leave you on the verge of tears… 

I do sometimes not go all the way to end of tracks or skip winddown or silence at the end of songs I’m not saying I’m pure. Just the default of listening with cross fade is incongruous to me. Maybe for a playlist if it made sense somehow but not overall
real
I’m gonna be real with you, I made that comment nearly a year ago and I forgot that this feature of Spotify even exists.
Aa, lol. Well I just returned to Spotify myself after making a whole new account and noticed the fade was a bit ‚funky’ in the sense it sounds weird at some points. I don't know if it's truly song dependent, keep in mind I listen to rock, heavy rock, metal, grunge, heavy metal, symphonic (occasionally classic), but it fits sometimes, sometimes its just a jumbled mess... 🤷🏻🤷🏻
I'd imagine it's because the bands are using different guitars, bass, amp settings etc

Breaks the harmony and sounds off especially if there's a lot going on, had the same issue with my metal tracks but my crossfade is only set to 3 seconds so it rarely occurs.  I found this while looking into the same issue lol

Side note: if you like heavy metal give We Butter The Bread With Butter a listen.  20 km/h specifically \^-\^
