AI DJ is just a playlist
AI DJ sounds like a great idea right? It would be amazing to just let it pick a series of songs for you based on your listening habits and let it learn from what you skip.  

But it's not like that. At all. It is just one long playlist that loops after about 60-70 songs. It's just a daily mix with an admittedly decent AI voice, but it doesn't do what it claims to do. It's no more than a daily mix.  

How Spotify thinks they can mislead people like this is beyond me. Couple this with the fact that a playlist with more than 60 songs doesn't shuffle in a way that makes sense, just feeding you the same songs over and over again is beyond frustrating.  

Spotify is quickly becoming ensh*tified. We need competitors in the market or we will keep getting subpar service that we PAY for.
Comments:
yep it always loops round to top 100 list. not even my top 100 but the global or regional top 100. that also poisons my own music history and then it's negative feedback loop all the way down. 

might fuck around and make a bot to permanently block everything in the top 100 from my listening even if it means sacrificing songs I actually like sometimes
Most services today that purport to be AI, aren’t.
We’re definitely seeing tech progress in the space that is AI/ML but very few have figured out how to apply the nuts and bolts of the tech to offer anything novel and useful.
But, right now, a big software company like Spotify damn well has say (and show) they’re doing something with AI or the stockholders or board or other stakeholders will lose their shit.
>We need competitors in the market or we will keep getting subpar service that we PAY for.

Don't we already have competitors?

Apple Music
Deezer
You Tube
Amazon
Pandora 
Tidal
Don't worry, they'll fix it... *and then make you pay extra for it.*
I can echo some of the same complaints about random choices or repetition, but I still love the DJ. So much so that I want it available for more of my listening.

Is there a way to get the AI DJ to just present one of your Spotify Daily Mixes? If so, I can't find it. Supporting playback for every playlist or album seems untenable, but I feel like just the spotify generated Daily Mixes should be feasible.
Mine is no where near a global or regional top 100. I hear zero pop songs. Mostly songs I've heard before or played quite a bit of in the last five years.
yeah very limited discovery of songs that you'd like
