Has anyone switched over or back from Apple Music?
If so why? 

Obviously if you’re in the Apple ecosystem it makes sense. 

I recently bought the AirPods Max and got a 3 month trial for Apple Music and wanted to experience hearing Dolby atmos/spatial audio and although yeah you can tell it’s more clear than Spotify but my main issue was that the audio was lower compared to Spotify the bass which I tend to like in my music wasn’t that great on Apple Music. 

My opinion is that Apple Music is for those who are deep into the Apple ecosystem and are absolutely wanting the best and clear audio in their music. 

However, that alone isn’t that big of a reason to make the switch. Maybe it’s due to me being with Spotify for for like 12 years. I’ve used it on Apple, Android and Microsoft devices with no issues. The Spotify UI is just better at recommending new music from my favorite artists or upcoming artist within my musical tastes. 

On Apple Music I felt lost. My playlist were all over the place compared to Spotify. Whereas Spotify felt more social with many playlists from users and its new AI DJ feature just makes it a better experience than just using a music app that feels soulless but hey at least the audio sounds a bit crisper lol 
Comments:
I want to love Apple Music so much because I pay for Apple one lol which I may cancel not sure yet. I used Apple Music off and on with Spotify for quite a while. Im back on Spotify because I have a better time with Spotifys playlist than I do with Apple 
Musics radio. Apple Music radio is actually atrocious. If I start a station from a country song there is no reason for 2pac to come on next. Which it does. Or Eminem. Or biggie. Lol I’m going to wait until iOS 19 to truly make a permanent switch but I like Spotify’s playlists. 

Unless you have equipment to take advantage of lossless, you’re probably not going to hear a difference. 

Dolby atmos is hit or miss. Not worth it for me. Yet. 

Also to comment on Apple Music audio being lower. It’s definitely not. I think you have “sound check” turned on it music settings.
I actually did the opposite. I switched from Apple Music TO Spotify.

Used Apple Music for a few years and I have actually used all main 3 music streaming services (Spotify, yt music and Apple Music) the reason I switched to Spotify is because Apple Music did not have a good algorithm in my case. There are only a few playlists that are made for you and they get updated weekly but have like 25 songs (unlike the many playlists on Spotify that are made for you automatically and have 50 songs each).

Additionally Apple Music removes your whole library if you unsubscribe unlike Spotify that keeps your playlists, library, songs, albums saved in their freemium model until you come back.

I also like that you can preview playlists and albums on Spotify (scrolling through short snippets of every song) which helps me get an idea of wether the album is interesting enough to give it a full listen or not.

I feel like Apple Music’s algorithm needs more improvement and a way to preview albums and playlists.

Edit: more context
The library is better and I like that you can bring your own music that isn’t available in their library. I never use any of the social stuff.
I’ve switched back and fourth, Spotify feels more personal to me
I switched because I got the Apple one sub which includes Apple Music.
I switched from Apple Music to Spotify (and back and forth several times due to indecisiveness). I’ve decided to stick with Spotify though. The sound quality isn’t really that noticeable for my devices (I don’t have anything that can utilize Dolby Atmos). Spotify just has a better recommendation algorithm, and so so many QOL features that I’ve grown to love. For example how easy it is to add/drop music across multiple playlists by clicking the checkmark on the now playing screen. Or how your plays/streams count for the same song across different versions of an album (for example if I have a single version on my On Repeat and I switch to the album version, after a couple plays the On Repeat just simply swaps the versions out and I’m good to go. Apple Music resets play count when you do this because they actually track plays on individual devices which is an outdated way to handle it IMO). Also I just recently fell in love with the niche mixes, I didn’t even really know they existed because they are tucked away in the Made For You section but they are some of the best at generating what I want to hear
I have Apple Music with Apple One and I have Spotify. Apple Music is terrible at recommending music. Spotify’s algorithm is king. I also enjoy using Spotify on my Pixel and when I want to carry my iPhone, I can pick it up and resume in Spotify without skipping a beat. I like having my podcast, audiobooks and music in one app.
I switched from Apple Music a few months ago. I have rediscovered my old hobby of looking for new artists and how much I enjoy doing it. I feel Spotify is better for that.
I’ve been using Spotify since its inception and I personally loved Apple Music over Spotify. I use AirPod Pro 2, and although I’m not getting true lossless quality, I still notice a great difference in audio quality. It’s crisper, cleaner and has more depth, their playlists are built by actual people and don’t rely on A.I., and Apple Music looks better. Apple Music also has all the right features, at least for me. The ONLY reason I went back to Spotify is because Apple Music still has some growing to do, mainly with their organization. You can’t favorite artists with the same name, there’s other artists music tied up in other artists pages, and I’ve found multiple artists pages for the same artist because of either spelling or some glitch. It’s rather annoying. Once Apple Music buttons those things up, I’ll be going back for sure. But, for now I’ll settle for Spotify.
au tout début apple music était tres bon avec des propositions de playlists courtes mais ils ont tout changé et je trouve apple music....fade....deja les playlists "energie" et "chill" les 2 seuls qui vaillent sont bien, mais sans plus , la nouvelle radio decouverte est tres moyenne et n'arrive pas a la cheville de "decouvertes de la semaine" a mon gout;...donc , c'est bof, l'application est tres stable , tres propre comme toujours chez apple....mais je prefere largement spotify avec ses "decouvertes de la semaine" ses "niche mix" et la "daylist"
I came back to Spotify from Apple Music cause i missed using it a little bit and they offered me a 1 month subscription for $0 so i didnt have to pay for a whole month and im kind of digging the DJ X guy even though he can be a bit sassy if you skip the songs it suggests too much which is hilarious seeing him get mad when you skip songs but other than that its good to be back in the green circle gang. 🤣
I like the daily mixes enough to keep with Spotify. I also like having the podcasts in the same app. Apple music is great but it still feels like library storage. IDK if it changes recently but that's how it was a couple years ago.
Apple Music has a larger music selection, better audio quality, and works in the Apple ecosystem better. 

There are many reasons to use it over Spotify. 

The most important reason? Apple Music pays artists fairly.
Yes, was on Apple Music for 10 years, switched to Spotify for 2 months cause friends told me it was much better.. back on Apple Music. Also, I found out about an app called Marvis Pro, which makes Apple Music 3x better.. it really puts Apple WAYYY ahead of Spotify. It costs $10 but it’s soooooo worth it.
I keep coming back to Spotify… after trying all of the others. Maybe I just feel it’s the OG.
I turned off sound check and it still not as bassy as Spotify.
What they do is even more heinous, which is they keep all the songs you download with apple music in your library and they just don't work.
^[Sokka-Haiku](https://www.reddit.com/r/SokkaHaikuBot/comments/15kyv9r/what_is_a_sokka_haiku/) ^by ^Lietenantdan:

*I switched because I*

*Got the Apple one sub which*

*Includes Apple Music.*

---
^Remember ^that ^one ^time ^Sokka ^accidentally ^used ^an ^extra ^syllable ^in ^that ^Haiku ^Battle ^in ^Ba ^Sing ^Se? ^That ^was ^a ^Sokka ^Haiku ^and ^you ^just ^made ^one.
Yea Spotify seems to have more bass but Apple Music sounds richer.
