Playlist AI acting like a bad radio dj
 Every playlist I have has started playing the same 8-10 songs before going to any other song. To clarify, I almost exclusively listen to playlists, and I always start them by hitting shuffle. Even a new playlist I JUST made is already starting to play just a few songs before it plays any of the others on the playlist. I don't even think it's the songs I play the most often, or the most popular artists, it just picks a few songs from each playlist that it must think are my favorites.
Comments:
Yeah I've had the same experience. It's annoying.
Agree. This is not new tough they just made it worse. Spotify has hired a lot of music scheduler from radio to “enhance” the user experience by formatting the playlist you made. The right type of songs dependent on time day, most likely activity and a feeling (like how a song is produced etc). 

But most important - which labels pay the most to promote artists. This will impact your playlist rotation. 

I really like the new interface but the way they are turning their users into radio listeners in order to gain more money from the record industry is awful.

I used to be a music scheduler for radio so I recognize this very well. Our playlists are being moderated by an AI.  It doesn’t enhance the user experience at all and it’s such a stupid move - cause we all live different life’s. Not all of us want to have reflecfive, soft music at night or have hi-energy tracks during “drive time”. 

We need a true randomizer. At least for those of us that are paying for the service.

Spotify is slowly killing the joy of music.
Check my comment lower down, tldr: try Tidal
I've been looking for alternatives. I listen to it at work all day every day and shouldn't hear a song from a play list of 200 tracks like three times
I recently started a trial with Tidal, and other than the minor tech issue I just posted about on their sub (banner issue) I've loved it so far. The one thing I noticed is that if you skip songs in playlists it will try to play them less often, so if there's one song in a playlist you want to hear and you skip a bunch of songs until you get it, it can hurt your algorithm for a few days, but I honestly don't think this is a bad thing since I have songs that I keep on playlists for an occasional listen but I'll skip half the time, but on Tidal it just plays less often so it's more of a nice surprise. 

If you (or anyone else that stumbles upon this) want, you can do a $2 trial for 2 months, download the app and Google it a bunch of times and you'll eventually find it in a targeted ad somewhere for the offer. (A friend did it this way and it took less than 2 days before he got the same offer)
