Just discovered Spotify DJ
BRO I was bored at work and clicked on the for your playlist and clicked the new AI DJ. The sickest thing I have actually seen. The DJ was saying "I see you play RLGrime let me spice it". I actually lost it and it recommended me some new banger.  What's your thoughts on it?

IFY the song I discovered: Pretty Little Smile - Tomatow 
Comments:
I've been using DJ X for a few months now. It's a nice feature when you're really not sure what you're feeling, but over time, it gets incredibly repetitive and the song recommendations are basically limited to 40-50 songs and some really random recs.
Wish the DJ would talk more. The potential for this is pretty awesome.
It's pretty slick atm. Had some fun "here's what you had on repeat in summer X" and its pulled different summers with different vibes

A lot of misses with "here's something we think you might like" but you can tell it to bugger off so that's fine
Sadly , I get the same songs , same speech . I got tired of. Radiant radio is better ( except the voice)
Can't use it in Germany. Anyone know of any plans when the service will be released to Germany?
I hate that DJs voice
The novelty wears thin rather quickly. Repetitive song selection the DJ never said much more than the names of the last and next bands. I gave it a fair shot but never use it anymore.
I love it but seriously mute the DJ
Yeah DJ just dropped in Australia it's pretty good man but I can't take the guys accent. Makes me wanna break stuff.
I have premium family in Romania and no dj, but my friend, spotify in the US has it. Any way to get it too? I am in the UK now, but nothing I do seems to trigger it to appear.
Awesome! Can't wait to get it *one day...*
I've given it a shot a few times, but it just wants to play stuff that is totally off vibe.
X is okay, but gets redundant pretty quickly.
I just found it here in Australia it's given me some old bangers I haven't listened to in such a long time. I'd prefer if it stopped trying to force modern hip hop down my throat but overall love it.
“let’s change it up, here’s some trash our editors picked”
I heard it’s coming december 2023
Ummm... pretty sure the DJ is the entire point.
Probably still in testing and will be rolled out to the rest of the world soon(tm).
on their website it says that you have to change your app language to english, try to do that, maybe it'll work?
so
still don't have it
Yeah, they just expanded it to more countries last week. This is the second wave of regions after the US etc.  
Australia and New Zealand were included in this wave along with a bunch of Europe IIRC.
I don’t know because we don’t even have the voice assistant thing that has been there for years.
My Spotify always been in English.
