Spotify ai dj > radio dj
nan
Comments:
I'm pretty happy with the music "he" chooses, but I don't like that he can't remember where I left off if I leave the DJ playlist to listen to something else or chase down a rabbit hole that HE led me to! Also seems pretty simplistic, using the same phrases "... background hum of the era" etc
Pretty scared on the first 12 songs he has picked for me.  Half have been unliked and I gave them all a like. God damn he is pretty good.
I don’t think this feature has rolled out to me yet.
It’s ok. I’ve had my account what feels like a long time. I was hoping that history would be used more but it just keeps playing newer stuff. Also mine doesn’t really talk much just says here’s blah blah. I thought he might say random facts or nonsense like a real dj but not mine.
I was anticipating that this would revolutionize the way I listen to music. I just got it this week and tried it a few times, and frankly, I'm underwhelmed. I could achieve the same results by playing the songs from my "liked songs"  playlist and not have to listen to "X" breaking in every 2-3 songs to tell me what's going to play next. If I wanted that, I'd listen to the radio. And while I'm certain that the X behind "X" (I think his name is Xavier) is a nice person, I found his voice annoying. If the AI is here to stay, I'd want at least a choice of voices, like Siri or Cortana offers.
The preference it has for artists and styles that fit a family plan can be obnoxious. When I'm played the same songs as I would hear in a Target, I'm not impressed.
He seems to be flat out refusing to play Rush for me, so he’s not too different from a radio DJ imo.
Surprised to hear people like it. I tried it during the first days it came out and thought it was horrible. Not only did the AI DJ repeat the same phrases, but they voice fingerprinted a black man to give it a more urban/DJ vibe, but without any depth. The categories were never adjusted according to location, time, or anything really, they repeated, including the songs in each one. There was a lot of things put in that weren't my taste, but were just touring artist. Maybe it got better, but i found the voice overs cringe and found autoplay or song radio to be better for a shuffle experience. The new update was all hot air in my opinion, but may have been updated on the backend and worth revisiting.
tried the feature a bit while i did some housework. liked it for the most part except for some reason it played an artist i have never listened to before and isn't anywhere near my musical tastes, so i wonder if it tries to throw you a curveball from time to time, if it was a mistake or if it's some thing where artists pay to be promoted like this lmao
I finally got it day before yesterday and for what it is I enjoy it. I have to nudge it along quite often but I don't mind. It's Beta, can only get better. I do wish there were some user controls where I could tell it how many songs I want to hear before it talks again (5 is the standard and some of them can be a bit long-ish, I'd prefer once every three songs if I'm gonna have a DJ). It never gives song titles, only artists names, hopefully that will change. Would be nice if the user could modify features  a la an audio version of The Sims. This guy who they've chosen for me doesn't sound like anyone I've ever known. I don't know how often I'll wind up using it because when I first got Spotify it was because I wanted to choose my own music over the XM Satellite Radio I'd used for years. That hasn't changed.
Mine doesn't speak at all. He introduced himself and then hasn't spoken since. I've had the AI DJ going for about 4 hours now.
Fax
I wish it mixed the songs like when it transitions to a new song they add new beats to it or something
I'm enjoying it. 

It just started a block of Gene Simmons songs and mixed in one from Jumpin Gene Simmons from the 60's lol.

Had to chuckle at that.
I still like being my own DJ better.
I’m late but I had to search and find a thread, the DJ is passable at best. The music choices are… accurate, I guess. Songs that “I haven’t listened to in a while” I have just heard days or hours ago and ones “on repeat” are the ones I haven’t heard in a bit. The worst part is that it’s not a DJ, it’s literally just an AI playlist without the playlist, I know this because I got to the end of mine after 1.5 days, and it just started repeating. Only without the DJ, and the songs were exactly the same in the same order. My interaction had nothing to do with what they showed me. Solid 2/10 for me, potential is there but atm it’s just a worse AI playlist than what they already make.
Same
Don't know if this will help, but if you add songs to the queue, DJ X will play those next. So if you want to check out more songs by an artist, try adding them to queue and then when they're finished, it'll just pick right up where you left off.
Give it time. It can only get better.
Dj just showed up in my Spotify today. So far it kind of sucks. I was really looking forward to having an AI dj but yeah there's no interesting chatter and it plays more misses than hits.
[deleted]
I'd love it if every couple songs he'd be say "that was Song A by Artist A, next up's Song B by Artist B" or some variation of. I don't always have access to my phone when I'm listening to music, so it'd be nice to make a mental note of the song and/or artist to look up later. Or maybe a DJ history tab?
Yeah i turned on fade transitions for songs in the setting cause that blended sound is niceee
I’ve mostly been listening for new music, I’ve just found it odd that when it goes to “an artist you’ve been playing a lot lately,” my most played artist doesn’t get picked, but it goes to my second and third.
Good idea!
