Video ID: ok-aNnc0Dko

I've been using this feature for a couple days now, I actually love it. The DJ switches things up about every 4 songs, but I kinda wish I heard from him more, an intro between each song would make it feel like more of a radio dj which I'd love, also being able to request moods or genres would be amazing because I love discovering new music and the dj uses more of my already liked music than I'd prefer
BRING IT TO EUROPE!!!!
Yeah we need Dolby Atmos, Lossless and True Karaoke mode. 😤
So can we finally say that video killed the radio star which killed the CD star which killed the download star which killed the streaming star which killed the... radio star?
BRO WE NEED THIS IN GERMANY
Would be glad if it's supported every country
LOVE SPOTIFY DJ!  Please bring this to the PC application and Web App as soon as possible!  I typically use my phone offline :(
Really love the concept of this. Great alternative for a service like Spotify when you don't want to listen to radio. One thing I'd love to see though is the ability to give X assignments, like look for X or Y genres, styles and playlists, similar to what Google does. Oh, and also a true shuffle mode, obviously. Cause that seems to still be a problem. Edit: Also, I seem to be unable to use it just because I'm in the Netherlands. Despite having my entire phone in English. Region lock is a bitch.
Can't wait for it to launch in Europe 🙌
PLEASE BRING THIS TO MORE COUNTRIES
I love the idea of a personal AI DJ but it I just wish I could choose maybe a certain vibe, or  type of music or genre and have the AI do the rest. I guess the AI is already good at guessing what I like, but being able to tell it what I want to listen to would be awesome. E.x: I want gym music, or play some party music, or maybe play some of my recently most played.
Literally just discovered this feature last night. Its really good. I like how it doesn't just play songs and artists ive heard of. Would be cool if it spoke a little about the band before hand.
Bring this to other regions that are not the US or Canada pls 😭
This is awesome. I hoped something like this would come one day. And if I understand it correcty, this also adds the personal radio station feature I love on Apple Music (but with AI commentary).
BRING IT TO GERMANY!
When this feature coming to India I can't wait to use it, it looks so cool and I have heard so many good things about it.
Just tried this earlier today, and it's such a cool feature! It really feels like a personalized party! I also like how it plays a few songs before switching it up.
We need this in México 😢
THIS IS INSANE! After using the DJ feature for an entire day, I must say we are living in a time of true AI innovation. I'm no longer saying "In the future.." in terms of where we are with this technology, this is the NOW. Sure, people are going to have a sour taste at first. Honestly, I don't blame them. Music is so ingrained into our lives. It adds color to our world, it amplifies emotions, and memories when hearing a familiar melody. I think the thought of having an artificial intelligence get the taste/control of the human experience that is music, puts people on edge. This feeling is valid, and that's okay. I obviously don't have the technical understandings of the AI's processing, but I must say it's a user friendly experience. It does a pretty decent job at utilizing all the music on your Spotify. For example, it may take your through memory lane by picking out a specific year. For me at least, it went back to a playlist I created in 2017 and it played my most repeated songs. Brought me right back into the summer of 2017, and how obsessed I was with EDM. The AI will also take note of your music trends. I don't know about yall, but I hop from one music genre to another lol. One week I'm listening to 80s pop, the next week I'm obsessively listening to the sound track of Interstellar by Hans Zimmer. The AI picked up on this and gave me a few songs to listen to. Whether the songs were classics to me, it also tossed in new music from the genre to keep it interesting. Pretty insane tbh. Regardless, music is what you make it. OBVIOUSLY, no one can nor should tell you how to listen to your music. If the new feature obscures your experience then turn off the AI. ALL I'm saying, sometimes it's nice to change things up instead of rotating the five songs that I'm currently obsessing lol. Again, this is just my experience.
A add I looked up and gave a like. Utterly LOVE this feature.
This this this and this
Yeah its been going between like 3 genres for me, and for some reason, loves giving me music by mustard??? I just wanted some good vocals
Just listen to the radio at this point. This shit has gone full circle
@Jacob-vz9nk Cant skip ed sheeran on the radio, you gotta switch stations
@Jacob-vz9nk well legacy radio has unskippable ads and if you don't like a song you just gotta deal with it, this has none of that plus it's all based on your tastes and history, and it's easy to save stuff unlike legacy radio where you gotta use a third party app,,, so idk I call it a modern reimagining of an older thing and also the tech behind it is just really cool, a lot of room for potential!! there will always be that certain charm to legacy radio though just like all legacy media formats, it might not be "better" but many people will find it "warmer" so I do hope legacy radio doesn't disappear too much, it's cool and I do love the white noise you get mixed in with your music, it's such a vibe
Would be cool if it told the story behind a song
Super sick idea
maybe every song would be a little too much, but i like the idea. maybe we could have additional settings where we can choose whether we want frequent talking or not, and how much the DJ talks. also might be hard for tons of songs to have intros for people who listen to less mainstream music
Yeah can't front this is pretty fresh💯💯💯👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾
Yes
It's just the beginning,and it's still beta ,we all don't have idea of the potencial of this in future ,let's wait a little bit , because the future is fast and is now ,lol
That is AM lol
Nah Set volume level to High on settings and you're good to go
Agree on the last two but nothing stopping you from doing Karaoke. Hell I sing when I'm driving to work at home lmao
Switch to Apple Music
Lossless would be cool NGL
that's TIDAL lol
tidal got the first two 💪💪💪
Apple music is better
I would love it if there was a live chat on whatever song youre listening to. Music feels empty if you can't express your own opinion.
No you don't
@TMXP87if you experience it once you will never go back again
Why would I want Dolby Atmos
@lukasrohrmoser3213 dude. your profile pic....you're cute
Absolutely! The Sony WH-1000 series is one of the best headsets for this, too. My headphones are the WH-1000XM3s. 4 years old, but their sound quality is amazing! They're out with the XM5s or 6s now, but yeah. Whatever the Beats models are, the Sony WH-1000XM# family, and alike brands… They'd be perfect.
Exactly
NO WE DONT LMAOOO
AI killed the radio star
Best comment ever
This has nothing to do with video, or radio, so no
Sounds great but doesn't make sense. Try reverse order. Streaming killed the MP3 star which killed the CD star which killed the cassette star which killed the radio star which was... killed by the video star?
En México ya llegó 🥹🥹🥹
have it opened on your phone and PC and start it on your phone then just have it play to the PC and you're good to go. But wish it was integrated.
Start using VPN.
@HovhannesMinasyanHM VPN doesn't work with spotify. I'm also from the Netherlands and I've tried it multiple times. And it doesn't work. It's also too expensive.
I think it's currently beta only
@TheWreckingball180 I've just done it and it works. I don't even have to be connected to get the option. 1x connecting was enough. Not sure what for VPN you are using?
wdym shuffle doesnt work?
Use a vpn
1: gekoloniseerd 2: yeah it sucks, but as of now, this feature is only available in the US and Canada..
@HovhannesMinasyanHM Ig's not that simple for features like this. You need to have a North America based account.
you'll find true random doesn't feel random. which is why they changed it to only "seem" random.
Two years later... still waiting for genre filters in liked songs.
@smartytvanced1695 True.
it will probably take atleast a month but dont get your hopes up it might never come out. you never know
I'm in America with premium and don't have it yet so don't worry about it
@teeTu97 The only reason it wouldnt come out is if it sucks and they scrap it tbh
Yup i studied them its called limited blast radius
Oh my god😂
How do you feel about it 3 months later? I was so excited at first but after listening to it for a week and through the weekend it actually just repeats itself over and over and I'm very disappointed. It's a good idea, but needs MAJOR improvement
Meanwhile other countries: OKAY! We are waiting!
An indicative timeline for the international rollout would be awesome
Roll it out in Germany my guys
Having my own DJ helps combat my crippling loneliness. Yay! :3
Awesome! 🤘👍👍👍👍🔈
This is a radio killer. An ai radio host that gives you what you want and communicates to you. Crazy. We're truly in the future.
Spotify: hey, checkout this new dj thing that you never asked for Me: Okay, but where is the lossless audio that you promised like a few years ago Spotify: What? You want audiobooks. Here are some audiobooks for ya.  Me Lossless audio. You said, you were gonna launch last year Spotify: What?
love it. gives me throwback songs, songs i love now, and new music according to my taste. if i don't like it? just skip. it's on point almost all the time. this is fine by me already but would love to see more personalization with it as other people are saying. of course that's more difficult to roll out but i don't mind waiting. keep it up spotify!! and dont forget the other countries :)
Bring this to Europe please!
I got access to DJ this past Monday when I was done with work. I have to say I enjoyed my experience and have to give Spotify kudos for using this AI technology. It's finally here and I'm seeing being used in a lot of places.
“Here's your favorite song from 2018.” Plays a song that came out in 2023.
EU waiting room...
I have the Spotify CarThing and this is literally the PERFECT feature!
Saw someone share this on Twitter and genuinely thought it was a joke. Seeing it on the official account, I had the impulse to check it wasn't uploaded on April 1.
bro for a second i thought europe was equal to usa for paid customers but i was wrong againn how funny its been 4 month nothing has come to europe. cant wait to try this feature in 2 years when it comes to 3rd world countries like mine.
I genuinely like this, I just wish they had the feature on tv- or just the ability to still hear the guy talk through speakers. I really enjoy that lol
ONLY IN THE US? GET A GRIP SPOTIFY WE NEED IT IN COLOMBIA
Un año y sigo esperando...
This is awesome, how did I only just find out this existed? It'd be nice to have a setting for how often the DJ comes in, I wanna hear more from X!
after using this for 2 weeks or so i've heard the dj repeat almost every category and mispronnounce a couple artists names, but still going good for beta stage
I wouldn't say a killer yet. A big part of radio is local connection as well as local news and talk about a specific culture and the music goes along with it.
😂
They will release a new pack more expensive with lowless, surround and some stupid other characteristics to justify the price like clever playlist 🤮etc, with the worst, some ADSSSSS in this pack. I dont know who thinks these things. Sooner or later they will follow the steps of amazon and apple.
They just said they are adding lossless audio soon silly goose
@dogando7831 nice joke
Same with airplay 2 and homepod support. Almost 3 years and nothing
cringe
@RACAPE sorry I'm a time traveler from 2021 I thought they anounced it 3 days ago
Not enough audiophiles to justify adding lossless audio.
Isn't apple's service way better than Spotify's now? Spotify's seems like an abandoned experiment at this point.