Video ID: ozF85QOz6Dg

Very nice review.  They should also put DJ with podcasts.
Its brilliant.  I love X... great video mate💯
He will give me songs I never listen to, like niche songs from the Destiny 2 soundtrack, then he'll get the vibe and then he'll say "here's Dua Lipa who you've never listened to" and it makes me feels he needs to be taken behind the barn.
I wish there was a way to transition songs using matching bpm like Mixonset
DJ X never mentioned my name when I started using it, mind you I think I'd feel a bit odd if it did use my name.  I quite like this DJ feature to be honest, though I think it would be great if I could customise it a bit, change the voice, change the personality, things like that.
underrated channel. Also i'm the guy that said that autotuned alexa sounds like GLaDOS
I love it so far
good
Its cool but the is a issues playing sames song's .i don't have him saying so much for me And it's  get stuck too that's a problem
How did you get DJ X to call you by name?  Helps if it's pronounceable - heaven help anyone who generated their Spotify username by letting a cat walk on their keyboard!
My name is Xavier 😂
Was cool but sucks at the moment playing same songs all the time
I would like to give x more props but lately X has been just giving me the same songs everyday. I might leave Spotify soon to be honest.
I really do like the DJ but what I don't like is the fact that sometimes it'll recommend songs by artists there are used to listen to that let's just say this, they don't have the best of reputation anymore Mindless Self Indulgence, But the problem is the fact that when he recommends those, and it starts playing the song it, then we'll start wrecking me recommending them again because you listen to them. Sorry I stuttered.
promosm 💦
It's all gone wrong with the AI DJ. I hate the feature. It plays all the same stuff.
I've never once had it make a good recommendation, seriously dogshit product
That would be cool - but feel like they may lean into their own ones more?
I wish it suggested more than what's always been in my rotation. It doesn't do anything more than lift what you've already got over the years and play it again and again. I don't think I'll ever listen to Harry Styles, The Weeknd or Dua Lipa in my life.
Does it automatically!
It went right to me with the AI DJ I love him he always plays my favorite songs